The parliament  not supported  a amendment to do to Tymoshenko .
The Parliament the Ukraine has rejected today  the proposal to lifted  the amendment of the section of Licence Criminal in the that is condemns to the leader of the opposition Yulia Tymoshenko .
The modification weakening the doors to the excarcelación the  to exprimer Minister but the parliamentary rejected the proposal to reduce the sentences for crimes economic in the second reading .
In October Tymoshenko was sentenciada to seven  years of prison for the presunta signing the  for agreement with Russia desventajoso for Ukraine on buying  the gas natural .
The judgment still not is  and the court of honesty has the obligation of revisarla  the December .
Tymoshenko is prepared convinced to the are  most  the  to venganza political the  regime and even in West  the certain  doubts about the impartiality of court .
The proposal the to  is retirase  the paragraph of Licence Criminal with  the that is condemned  to the former first Minister was this for Members  the  to vote .
For his adoption was requerían votes .
The victory the  Libya .
The history  the  of  release libia or the  in rebellion libia already has its losers .
Muammar el-Gaddafi was admitted  in  a place secret  in  the desert and without him already not is war .
There for define who is the vencedor .
As is  already practice  in  the region the Islamists ganaron the elections but now is about  the dilucidar  if is  about  the moderates or radical .
The Council National the Transición has done specific  in force the law traditional  the sharía that already  the true Similarly know .
Libya is devour  in  a country without crime because is the honour is them cortará  to momentum .
The women already  is  can go olvidando  to emanciparse and the apóstatas  waiting his execution and  it sucesivamente .
In place in for the person of  dictator the society states  of Bangladeshi guerreras is Regional  why the state .
In Libya is mid-2013  a order  to do we can or imagine and the area not  we .
However our way of life not is not the only nor objective the  best and probably  not  they betraying in change the are Libyans already Given .
applies true is that not leaves  the availability that the  enemies  route redundancy thankful the aid to the dogs infieles .
The unique justification was that since its point of view  the attacks the  in NATO no are respected a general US but  large make several whose greatness held after each  a  of the speeches  successful .
When is looking vencedores  in  Libya West not is between them .
We trapped in a town of the are serve  the Islamists and our politicians for maggotsu'\u2019.  the  for  dictator  the  in person the  for ally  political without the very guarantees the obtain benefits .
After the latest bad  experiences of Afghanistan and Iraq  not friends  Libya aggressiveness .
In this case the are local not  you supposed  a  problem unthinkable  is the &apos; crusaders &apos; .
But without occupation loosely the petroleras principal with  the gold black libio only with good words .
It quite possible  to do but can  be the finally West conclusion presumir of protect  the rights human .
always is the followers of the sharía not  is us crossing .
destined a new era of the crisis .
France and the rest of Europe van to the hunting of buscador  the investors .
A torbellino statistical is that widespread  we Europe .
The States noticeable have published their data of GDP for Q3 .
The economy Czech in  the period intercuatrimestral is that plateau while the France and Germany  the grew .
However the market of bonds  today has socially records .
The investors already not  is fijan only in Italy  but also in Spain  France Austria and other .
The cabinets statisticians the  to Eurozona Germany Liberec and other countries Europeans already have published their estimates hypothetical on growth economic in  the third accelerator .
The GDP the Germany creció the % intention  the  of France the % .
Both countries  have done public the  data the  second cuatrimestre in Germany  the difficulties most  the  that a growth the % in time the  intention % , although the France are only a lightly reduction of %  the data original accountability the figures . .
The economy Czech creció interanualmente a % in the third accelerator of  this year .
However in the period intercuatrimestral the product internal gross GDP is that plateau and according  the ČSÚ are constitutes  the trend to the severe unlikely in  the growth of development economic .
The results  are still worst  the to forecasts  the are analysts .
Eventos main .
Interanualmente the economy Czech creció in  the third accelerator of  this year a % but cuatrimestralmente is that plateau .
In the third accelerator  the economy new according the  data prerequisites and recalculados estacionalmente creció a % .
The economy the  in Eurozona and  also the  in Union European between July and setiembre and in comparison with the accelerator previous creció a % what is concuerda  to the expectations of the analysts .
The economy Greek  has fallen interanualmente the % .
The interest the  their bonds to ten  years is the % .
The interest the are bonds Italians and Spaniards  has grown until limits critical .
The situation document starts to touch also  is Austria Dutch France Belgium etc .
The interests of the bonds Czech to ten  years is keeping  in  the % although in the area of situation is forcing .
In Germany is quoting voices  the  by the ECB should grant loans in final ultimately .
The Czech is Sensationalist  to the earlier .
Vencieron : and  country  the classification with a fish-processing million .
The team of football more  with  the tremendous most difficult to all the season .
In Montenegro thanks to excellent Čech and the brilliant portero Petr Jiráček is only the victory for : . .
The team Czech together with a good to the fate in  the second time is initially fantásticamente the are  attacks  the  team local  of  manner  the  not faltará to the quotation of  championship European .
IHNED.cz continued detalladamente the development of party  the  for Nature minucioso .
not was almost ambivalent in the first half and a good to the fate in  the second .
The team Czech thanks to collapse the  team local towards the end and also the excellent game the Čech and the heroico Jiráček venció for :  the Montenegro and Penalty  their proceeding the Campeonato the Europe .
To cause of the correctísima defence Czech the montenegrinos not presionaron so  the second half .
The two perjudicados of  party  were Damjanovič and Vučinič  the red pass two  large occasions .
Moreover thanks to genial Petr Čech the eleven Czech not faltará to the quotation of the Cup the Europe for this is to the coffers of football national him arrive  a gratificación  shorter the millions of NOK .
already been the first minutes  is only a good game ofensivo .
Both teams are empeñaron  very only in maintain the lines and jugaron nothing more in around the  centre of field .
not was pressure  the are players  local  in the first half patadones the other camp  in defence precisely what is the defence Czech learned avoid .
The students Iranian are ready to die for  the programme nuclear  of their country .
Formaron a shield  human .
Several hundreds of students academics formaron shields human around the installations nuclear in Iran .
With his gesture want express their support the programme nuclear  of their country  foremost  a possible attack Israeli .
The students is reacting  to orar the Tuesday the midday  first the installations and then corearon slogans the death to  regardless and Israel .
Several hundreds of students academics formaron the Tuesday in the city Osama  of Isfahán using human around  the  centre technological nuclear in the are authorities to uranium .
Pretenden demonstrate to are ready to defend the programme nuclear  of their country with their lives .
The Agency International for the Energy Atomic AIEA in  a recent report Overall  is Iran according all the signs , are afana  by achieving weapons nuclear .
In Israel is talks  the  for  possible attack to the installations nuclear Iranian .
The students is reacting  to orar the midday  first the installations nuclear of Isfahán and  then Land slogans the death against US and Israel .
In case the attack  whose objective would paralizar the  programme nuclear Osama is accommodation according sources Israelis not only the central the Isfahán but also the installations of Natanz  where is enriches uranium .
Menú daily  a  for  child obeso not desayuna and dinner processed .
Over the  for  third  the are  children to share 25-to-30 between the and years  have problems the  caused  where the obesity  affects the % of the population school and the obesity the % .
The children overweight tabled in its majority of families with a lifestyle the life is not a healthy according is glean  the investigations current .
They again to demonstrate what  is the importance of environment  where is growth  for a development healthy  of the person  case as the models to serve  the reference .
In the  table the children obsesos are  deplored  by example the packaging the least with  the dual the often is the children of families with weight normal .
For dinner more the % of the overweight consequence cenado potatoes fritas the day before the analysis the opened moment linked to programme the prevention &apos; The obesity not is  a casualidad  &apos; .
In the families of children with obesity no there practice  in Brusselsu'\u2019way sports what opened is text the  of  majority the to families current where only the % of the children replied  that their parents the least a time for week  lie time to  the exercise  physical .
Survey ; to children .
The survey is completed to end the past year school and participated  in the same almost children  the Education Básica the whole Liberec .
already was the second edition of programme the &apos;  The obesity the  not is  a casualidad  &apos; that supports  the Compañía the certain Sanitario General and the company Unilever .
far now  have participated  to  the project most  the thousand children from  the until the  course .
A dieta suitable and quite exercise the family are those determinantes that are decrease administration  the number of children with obesity and even obesity .
&apos; Only the half of the children encuestados  have answered  to  have five served joys according to regime Breakfast lunch food merienda and dinner  the  is a  of the conditions Chad  for a dieta healthy &apos; prosecutors each  of the results of the survey .
However Breakfast but with embutido for dinner .
The specialists avisan the that  the  one development healthy of important addition the details that also count like  you example have  a hour fixed for  the Breakfast in family .
In Liberec not however only the % of the families of schoolchildren desayunan to the same hour .
In the majority of the families  each one desayuna only .
But what worst was compromising  the  in  the % of the homes not  is desayuna nothing .
The Breakfast is no however the basis of a dieta daily right .
The study shows that the rules families  of children overweight are consume to think more frequently the insanas potatoes fritas .
Almost all  regardless  the  weight intrusively to day refrescos dulces 70 ) .
For rule general for sport more the % of the children encuestados without however pronounced their parents this result  is reduces to least the  in half only the % .
Fabrícate your dieta .
The next stage of study posibilitó  that the chavales elected 204 boys and  girls  the  schools are creasen their  about diets  the onwards the all the Company potential according their tastes and  views .
&apos; The preferences food the are  children Czech  in  drop 25-to-30 between the and years since  the point of view the  is  food  healthy are very the  of this ideal &apos; .
Among their food favourite is lie  the pasta the meat and the dulces .
&apos; It on all alarming  the popularity of the refrescos dulces &apos; is smoker  the  of report final  the  study .
As food main is  brings  the palma the pasta and you still the close the meat of ave .
Virtually the children reject always the legumbre and the taste for  the fish and the child is very under .
Cambio to habits healthy .
At same time the  study shows that the children are ready to change their habits prepared if receive the information on .
&apos; In the  group of control the are participants  in  the  study that rellenaron  the cuestionario  next the end of programme the prevention &apos; The obesity not is  a casualidad  &apos; is only the many cases a change important  is favour  in the principles of a food healthy &apos; is  urgency  the are results the  study .
Llama the attention for example what incorporates  is the refrescos dulces where many children empezarían  to preferir the  water normal and aware .
The children also elegirían  with more frequently in  the cuestionario the meat of ave and the fish for the food main and restringirían  the consumption of food fresh and the derivatives the harina .
The estilista has the  not  also a good psychologist maintain the professionals .
In the  ) introductorio  How learn the estilistas  already  me quejé  a little to the rules lessons initial already were quite cargadas .
not had not idea  the  how accrue achieved .
Conferencias the three professionals of ramo  how tight  to resolute problem and addition  a seminar on how does the  of  world the industry .
And be worst .
observance more closely are the examinations end more information and tasks practices  us aguardan .
And although the  course is develops every Saturday and Sunday  already not wider  a alfiler .
We increasingly  have  studied to the director Alena ( the  of course not is circumstances man on how tight  to the woman to  not is  a simetría perfect .
And case is the great  majority .
&apos;So is cuellicorto someone has a Through estilizada without the curvas right and someone suffering obesity .
The estilista has the new arise ópticamente few shoulders anchos alargar a bottleneck or recrear the curvas  necessary .
We have prioritised revealed noticed on how do emphasise the body the women of  type  the Jennifer Valverde the pechos and caderas enormous but cintura close and the same time not vestirla  the  for  manner too desafiante .
If for example the difference between the cintura and the caderas is never  that  the member or the trousers not  is adaptan already is worth shouldn coser the least a piece of jeopardized extra to measure .
However doubt no  is arrepentirán because the clothes that notice perfectly  is impagable .
With a member to measure is agreed  a better to have a to  not to the start levantarse baila in the cintura etc .
The body estilizado is can afford tight clothes with pliegues adornos bordados or drapeados .
There lag many types  of information variety and the bodies  case  the am readjust  a is variety  the whole of week for put agenda  the  my  head across this information .
E even it was afraid  the  of the task asignada already have more  the  of well-known .
To each  participant in  the course is he  the allocated two famous  to the that left solutions two vestuarios each for  the day and other to the night .
There that have to account  the aspect current  the lifestyle of fashionable  the  is adecue to the person in question .
I has tocado &apos; tight &apos; to Miranda Kerr perhaps the conozcáis the  to campaign the Victoria la Lloyd Secret .
Grito for inside for me is a better to you example Britney Spears or Christina Aguilera that topical will engordado few hundred 75-kilo for favour  from the account the excessive , or the jovencísima Selena Gómez .
The orange-coloured have to recortarlos  the to journals or buscarlos  in  Internet and imprimirlos  for then elaborarlos illustrating .
The moodboard that is as is way  the result completely speaks addition our lifestyle staff and  our relationship with the design gráfico .
It important also thinking  in  the part gráfica of estilismo .
The estilista for  both not viste only physically  but that also  is  discussion why example the to pages  the  products in the journals the subjects concrete as  trends bolsos coats etc . .
Indeed everything that we stood the estilista and leather Mario Kameník .
But everything that already  is to  the Sunday .
The estilista has the having a  vision global .
The three guests specialists provided the conference of Saturday with information on all type  the bodies .
The estilista Honza Pokorný the leather the young Jakub Polanka and the fotógrafo the young Ben Renč .
Jakub us reminded  to  the young is a illusion and the estilista should saberle cash party  to this .
And a good estilista  knows work with a same prenda  the wear to forms achieve .
The variabilidad is in this case fundamental .
So the  perhaps gabardina or as they in English trench-coat is can tight to what anti-Semitism  with vaqueros and camiseta  but also serves for tight the body half-naked with shoes  the tacón and fotografiarlo  as if were in reality a  be .
Or well enough arremangarla and go  to bottleneck for obtain  a image  completely differently .
&apos; Jugad with this &apos;  we discussed .
applies to more valoro  is the next advice &apos; For begin to work ago lack  the areas conozcáis all the rules &apos; .
&apos; Then already can romperlas  &apos; said Jakub .
For end me is clear why what memorizamos all  those Interesting  what is condemnatory  to  what we do if then is that the rules journals  of fashionable  us encountered results profits .
That without talk the are desfiles .
Thank the fotógrafo  Ben know that a estilista has that have more types  of clothes  the  to reserve  the  to the aims fotografiar .
So for a history of fashionable  the strong ten pages for  both ten outfits there is having sometimes lists for use , the least fifteen .
And addition to the fine the  clothes  work  in combination with other prendas all them different  to the that is mines  the  to reality .
All doing are that all  in mind the  to  hour the  solutions the outfit .
Honza Pokorný us assured  to the image and the lifestyle Neurodegenerative them  by the many cases  the half of success .
Enough indifferently to Madonna  the  not is precisely  a singer extraordinary but the image and the márquetin have done in her a star global .
In Liberec for  the moment not is still a trend clear  to use the services in the estilistas .
far the eventual famous also we lie useless  me mere my skills my aspect physical not has never importance . .
And when  someone  we pida our services are the having in  account  the  is very  likely  to  us indiquen  a stature very differently to the yours real consumers . .
Then only  is guglear and physically  if the journals of  heart  already have writing on the issue if  a  certain celebridad  has engordado adelgazado etc .
The Sunday Honza and Mario  we insistieron  in the to estilista do you enough orientarse to the young but that is that understand  the outfit .
During his work on all been must communicate  with the people to the that viste  we  what is a fundamental be a good psychologist .
dumb appreciate to the people not  are ago  the least reasoning their views .
&apos; When a director you contrata for the him clasifiquéis  the vestuario and is  it completéis  with prendas fine not  us tonightu'\u2019s and they everything we that  in and say &apos; huy what  horror &apos; .
&apos; Encontrad the least a couple of things  the podáis ponderar and recommend  for the someone is the conclusion put &apos; says Mario .
dear same also  we daring  that everything must caber  in the so-called &apos; placovka &apos; is say  to stock  the  work .
This is heritage around  the  in cintura and is have there all are tools  necessary .
are these  as nail  such nail quitapelusas or imperdibles are also balance  the nailon that you serves  to estilista during the session of fine  the  products  other  the bolsos or gorros pinzas special  the enganche the prendas for front  if this would greater the alfileres and other type  of enganches not are permitidos , therefore could reputation the fabric , or a game the  remnant .
For not remain  to the usual pasiva and  put  we  in practice  the learned  to revestir  the suela the are shoes .
Even during the sessions the fine in  the  study in a surface flat is chosen reputation the suela and  a more still the outside .
And not stayed more  is revestir and revestir .
not composure touch the shoes with the nail  order not dañarlos  for accident .
So that in the that very hábil .
Mario me has thus  a joy the tribute my work without reservations .
The truth is that not  is me babies very well matters skills .
This is only a small part of all the that we sometimes during everything the  end of week  the  in second part of course .
already  me have prioritised account the commit to estilismo the level professional not is  a to  the rosy but me five-minute  exactly Like  what is used  the people .
In Need degradation Speed chosen Run is competing  why across America .
Reseña .
A journey in principle despreocupado  is  complicates to cause the  is series  a descuidos impropios the  for  journey routine during the Question the morning .
In certain measure is he right the  expectations but that not serves  the nothing  if  the reality not  is  intended do nothing exceptional .
The new handing to the that  the title is adds too Run adherents large expectations already before  the his estreno .
Prometía that lead new aires to the former saga the place Need degradation Speed and to its  the  that shown  appears as a game  the  not should overcome remain another increasingly  a gender  of action without more .
also  we feel curiosos  for  know how Einstein the scenes insertadas where the personage main share of car and walking  for their own ordinary .
As always pattern in the series of NFS  the  results not pack great thing regard to what is our conferences .
There race-going that is can  give  you tonnage  but in  the cómputo total is and points  the cause of failings absurd that already  been apareciendo  in the series since ago years .
In reality not  is  be not calling  errors but that is about more well of the desgana incomprehensible the are programadores .
The adventure starts very well .
They you predictability  in a history whose  in Nicklaus has individual  problems personal for resolverlos being him provides participate in a career illegal for all America .
Os sentáis the volante in the coast  west the St Archduke and  your mission is  fact  the first to New York .
The idea is offer  something interesting .
The route is divided  in ten stages and  then the most of fifty race-going .
Indeed doing  are follows  the individual career has place for a route  differently and the stages are localizadas  in profits  forestry  that  concern quite  various and interesting .
Indeed that Similarly one not is not remotamente  the against the that  the game offer always  we same .
Some the are  land findings even agradables to the view although  the level technical of gráfico  a equivalent the  of mistreatment previous  the  to  series .
For therefore not is nothing the other world .
But the walk for  the desert the landscape otoñal or the highest mountains covered the snow  dairy a indeed identity very atmosphere .
Moreover the place is diversifican  the time in when for a element atípico .
So for example in  the desert  you encontráis  a storm the  or the news the visibility .
In change in the mountains there that have care to the not  will sepulte  a avalancha .
According that every  is the to  place is very well less-developed .
Only there a couple of models  but with that it .
During a moment intentáis adelantar to a amount of rival exigida what normal the  to career classical , later tratáis  the win time duel anti-Semitism cronometrado and  then  we expected a day against  a only adversario .
In half of all this permeating  is sometimes  the police that not  ago  but obstruct even more the  things .
The ARGO are the landscape  outside  the car .
They similar animaciones interactivas when Nicklaus  the  to  majority the are cases  the  of escape  the  someone and out suits  that ayudarlo  always pulsando the botón  only in  the moment fair .
Nothing complicated .
hard surprising without however that very behaving least landscape  in  the game of this  is reflection wait to  concrete there only three . .
But the result end  is  positive because  this element  not at  the that  means and in  the context already mentioned is one  the are elements  the for the game  issue more interesting .
The model the severe remains the fingerprints the are episodes  previous .
That wants say to  the day of today already  not make great thing but not  is be ready  to make bad .
If buscáis a simulación  realistic already can  seek  to another part .
But to a  career office-bound with quite action him two-track quite this lifestyle  the severe although benefits find  something best between the games the  in competition .
far here everything  in order .
But the  problems emerge later the  for  true time .
To difference the  that correct  the are models  the severe  already not happens  what same  with the collisions .
Indeed games the  this type not wider wait to recree deformaciones and ships difficult but the fact before the  one coup against any subjected not  us predict  how reaccionará vuestro prosecution with what opened  do everything  is in order .
It typical  that  the do a adelantamiento very ajustado or movement  the cars with a traffic  normal very only  regret commercial roces but in other situations almost identical vuestro prosecution ends doing piruetas descontroladas .
Or even ends completely destroyed .
Thank the system of reseteo not emerge large  problems but can poneros  the wrong humour .
The reseteos are programados  the  perhaps  way  the when sufres  a accident or you sales  to the track the game you restituye  to Finally  point of rescue  the  to pursue .
However in every career only  is disposal  the five reseteos available .
If the consumís all suits  the wind the  career since  the principle .
So therefore not is more  the  to  aid  the  case of the something not satisfied  well  but not is very  a fiar .
To sometimes nor  the reseteo  aid only aid  the aprenderse the  stage confusion  of memory .
A great disadvantage of  game  a to the ourselves facts is language  the profits places .
In some curvas for example there  that  possible  the  for  manner specific  of other Similarly  are gone  the taken .
Others sometimes  we encontráis  in some website vehicles &apos; civilians &apos; always  with the same configuration  although estéis the on quintos or lleguéis  five minutes before or later .
This ago the rabiar on all  in situations when veis  the two autos  to van the  meeting in  directions  observing your contrincante adelanta without problems but when llegáis debéis girar or well  tenaciously .
It Like when lleguéis because  is programmed  why is the &apos; surprise &apos; always will  front  the  military narices .
The adversaries have addition  a advantage  more .
During across the starting llegaréis to places where without having in  account  the moment always  we adelantará  the same adversario in  the same place .
Moreover this  case the end of the starting in a long bridge  what opened is still more chocante .
Vuestro oponente must reaching before the sort the price is whether .
When goes front  of out  you lengthy  the  vision of the autos that disgraceful  the face  case  the  to  principle  us do papilla  the car .
They can understand the idea of creating a game with maximum structures of suspense and adrenalina  but the execution is that Apparent  the surely  will decepcione Yes .
And is a worth because  although the model of journey  whether simple  the game is it and with action  the manner that the often not is possible continue to detail  what is happening not come .
And really five-minute Like if the merit are has  the idea with fifty runway standardise or the classification in  the career for the not quepa  the platitude or any other thing .
A idea inhabitual  is the change the autos during the place .
have to be vigilant to the surtidores the petrol the  hand the  in road because precisely there suits  is change  the cars although  in the great  majority of the cases we suffice  what is suits .
The autos is divided  in three categories .
The sports  are Will  to areas urban the autos strong Americans for the motorways rectas and the exóticos superdeportivos for a severe technical for example for roads  the mountain with curvas .
Moreover balance narrativo main also permeating  a balance of challenges parallel  is say there race-going  in places concrete  the conoceréis for the stories .
Here conseguiréis not only medals  but also points  the experience for vuestro profile  that serves  therefore to the challenges as the cuentos .
At achieve the level higher the driver are you open several possibilities starting for  the cars and acabando  with funds for  the profile .
At same time there conectada  is function Autolog in line  the  preceding vuestros results with the  of  other players and disponibiliza other functions All .
One the are elements more difficult to understand that how  is benefit  the  final career in the history .
With the car llegáis until the end of metre acts , where we ponéis  are running to shameful you are approaches  satisfied . .
The velocímetro you brand between and km  h proceeding and the suddenly for behind  you all  the convoy of metre and is  you get  for front without more .
In the wording surely harmonise  a debate on this for several days on whether during the programming of  game none thought even a little or whether  the authors of truth us leave  by  a buffoons of bobos .
The part technical of  game not is nothing exceptional but the least the effects visuales broadly findings in  the majority of the cases agradables  to  sometimes until soberbios .
Well what worth  is in the moment most tensos is reduces  the quality of image and in times the  for  manner serious .
This affects on all to the accidents  where there involucrados many participants when  the quality of image  progress already not is reasons .
The audio is  well and the broadband sonora is a question of tastes .
To end the to  make the designation to  the main part of group youth  the broadband sonora belongs to the category &apos; each one of their father and the his mother &apos; but is can resorted  to nobody torment the game only  by their music .
The feeling final  the Need  moment Speed chosen Run  is therefore quite confused .
If the game evitase errors absolutely questioners us probably  problems the decision to chosen Run  is the best game the NFS the are  past years .
tortoise-like the against the that  the game not deliver completed .
The diversión is asegurada but preparaos because the  errors  will slap  in the eyes with  the strength of years reflectores  of airport .
The coros the  to University Carolina Speakers in  the viewers &apos; Estudiantes the Terciopelo &apos; .
The wise jointly the Day International the are Estudiantes and the anniversary of the bridge the Terciopelo as experience musical noon place for third time in  the festival Festa Academica .
During the same is the twenty corales the centres of  secondary and university .
The festival novel in  around the two concerts the  of  November .
&apos; The University Carolina has a high-speed  participation in the festival &apos; .
Among the coros current are the producer the  to Tatiana  the Pedagogía and the Tatiana the Humanidades in  the committee of festival  being position the rector Václav Hampl &apos; stated the responsible the  to organisation Jakub Čaloun .
The summit the all  the festival is the first 2000 to all the public to watching  the are coros  the secondary to  is 20  the  of March  the to hours  front  in  the Libraría Technical National in Dejvice .
The programme account  with  the participation of jazzista Czech Karel Růžička and their Celebration Jazz Mass .
For the night is 20  in the places of wise the  to  White  problems in Vynohrady  the viewers &apos; Estudiantes the Terciopelo &apos; in the Speakers corales universitarias included the join the  to Uninversidad Carolina .
The Festa Academica has as intended  not only hold praiseworthy  the Day International the are Estudiantes and remember  the anniversary of the bridge the Terciopelo but also submit  to public  the music Coral the most high-level level and re-constitute  the creation colaborativa between young .
The inflated main is the Union Czech the Corales in cooperation with  the Institute the Secundaria Jan Kepler .
all the acts contaron with  the support of mayor the  beyond Bohuslav Svoboda and the rector of the University Carolina Václav Hampl .
The festival estimated between the and the  of  November  between Prague and Pardubice .
The timetable provides addition  in the concerts celebrativos across a series of events music performances gymnasiums  the students and concerts matinales .
The interested able find more information the  to  web the festival www.festaacademica.cz .
The ambassador  foremost  the  EU Vicenová .
The Czech have a reputable the negativistas and eurosceptics .
&apos; The treaty the Lisbon has affected significantly the  balance between the institutions individual &apos; .
&apos; not  am expect  that is montase  a war without Guardia &apos; .
&apos; Durará five six  years before  the that  the situation is estabilice  a little is calme and the new players are acostumbren to their new parliament &apos; it began  with conviction  their conference in the Tatiana the law is ambassador Czech foremost the  EU Milena Vicenová .
How not factored  in seriously  its slogan &apos; clear and the on Europe &apos; that said already in the first part of their conference when  he unsuccessful each body of the EU and  their relations with stand precise and clear therefore would  the envidia the many lecturers  of the Tatiana the law of the U. Carolina .
Vicenová also ponderó  the  work of the new president permanent of Council European Herman van Rompuy .
&apos; applies First emerge to criticism  the if  it insulso  a servant grey capable of responsibility any allows but have to say that showed  the all  confusion because moderating their  gender to the communication &apos; .
&apos; It a man to  know listen  to the members of the Everything states communicate  to  them and the is a vision clarísima of work where must go to EU  &apos; .
The new project the representative of the policy External and Security  is explains to onwards  the  to question  &apos; Who is this EU you to what number can llamarla  &apos; They talking therefore the  a step important towards  the unification and the clarification of the  union policy  the pack to States  as China or India .
Nobody wants prohibirnos the cheese the Olomouc .
Vicenová is that our also the  in agenda engagement continues and will  the Council  European in  the future next .
The presidency Czech  of  ago two  years was a success .
The Czech is Dublin  the  to crisis economic potential properly  the crisis of gas and organised  a summit for  the Partnership  founding .
The fall of government the time moment  is lighthouse  as a aspect very negative  that discovered seriously to keeping .
The representation Czech in the EU  reason for the moment many commitments .
In words the  of  ambassador  &apos;  a good Amidst &apos; not only the presidency but also the crisis financial  the  is moment attempting now .
For another side there that approve  the budget for seven years of the EU caused by the current situation economic great more difficult .
If the budget is more simple and transactions you what sectors appeal priority what countries wealthiest greater support and concrete less That is something  that summit Minutes  in the agenda of the next meeting .
The ambassador reminded also their lemas main with the that  came  the Europe &apos; Acerca the Europe with clarity &apos; .
&apos; applies true is that not  was popular the abreviaciones feas the extranjerismos or the jergas that  the people not pastu'\u2019, &apos; .
&apos; How can a citizen understand to the Brussels not  is busy  a  truth the curvature the of curvos or redondos bananas the various Organic or the nobody  us goes  to ban the cheese the Olomouc &apos; .
also aims cash more advantage the environment of the EU and  closer  to more citizens Czech  to the institutions European .
We expected to Europe  the to multi-speed .
According the ambassador the Czech basic reputation of eurosceptics and the people made more well  the aspects negative  that the positive .
Moreover lamentó the lowest participation of the Czech in the institutions European .
The fault is the Cities the factors as the modestia the citizens candidates his inability to write messages  to motivation  but also the little support the Czech .
Moreover of  success the  in  presidency Czech commissions the highlighted the strength and  the cooperation of group the Visegrad .
&apos; Créanme that when attending  the me  a Polish and a Hungarian and is me  close  a Slovak  a French to my  hand me  says  &apos; What already brakes being  the  of group the Visegrad &apos; and is sees  that not you  ago none grace &apos; .
In the future to  the EU  according Vicenová him aguardan  new conflicts durísimas  of policy budgetary for the States members .
They made as something very real the concept of the two multi-speed  if not are more  the Europe most  the  of  new  the  &apos; the Federation European &apos; .
&apos; We countries in the Eurozona and countries  outside  the  of Eurozona  &apos; .
&apos; We the space Schengen and have addition  the procedure to cooperation drew &apos; .
&apos; They said by first time to only cooperen  the countries that organize and the that not  is been unpunished outside &apos; .
&apos; These procedures vision each time more and reinforced  the Europe the to  two multi-speed &apos; is expected Vicenová .
In this respect also highlighted  the role of keeping and the Herman  van Rompuy in the  implementation of principle according to opened all the subjects that affecting  is the methodology the  to EU being must discuss between the states members not only between  the members of the Eurozona .
Brand story .
The innovative IBM gambling his Secondly century the existence .
If someone buscase a term  the definiese with great precise  the strategy of IBM the most shorter  would &apos; long-term term &apos; .
For the  public general IBM is the symbol of a revolution technological a company  that is very as  current and without however already  have come hundred years since its foundation .
The basis the  this nature largoplacista  the clear the  first head  the  of signing the vision Greek A4-0552 addressing Mr .
already him coined  the slogan of the many problems of world have solution  if the people is ready  to consider .
Their motto &apos; Think &apos; is became  in its stamped in  around the opened is people exactly  in life the future .Latin was also the title of a magazine internal  the IBM  began to publish the ) .
addressing was addition  the basis of a  culture the company Great levantada .
&apos; For us IBM involves a thinking  to long term a movement continuous in direction the future .
IBM has sobrevivido and success for one years for this reason because  is remained  a  to their principles baseline but  without salient the are changes around .
That us  has allowed during our  first century so-called  the technology the business and the society .
expect fruit even more the to second century &apos; stated during their anniversary the current director  of the company Samuel A4-0552 Palmisano .
A system sofisticado .
addressing already in the years is preocupó  the  care of their employees as the entrepreneur the Baťa in keeping  the employees of IBM  were the first workforce American that gozaron  the holiday pagadas safe , uniform elegant and a sofisticado system the pay to premiaba the are best inventores and sellers .
The same sofisticación to long term the  keeps IBM in the relationship with the client .
already been the principle the company learned compromising talentos the  be  a  in the first companies world the end with any kind of discrimination could.&apos; choose without problems . .
In the online the  in strategy Anti-discrimination  is the plan current  the IBM for  the that the Palmisano what sustituirá the  year the next a woman Virginia Rometty .
She already has  working  thirty years in IBM  where the  was  head  the  sales márquetin and  strategies .
During the past years IBM  has participated the are scanners  watching portals rain of ideas the online the  in the emerge redesign the future strategies and profound .
not is the availability that sobren ideas therefore in the signing  employed almost half million of people .
A institution with good reputable .
The position scorning  in  the business underground to the company a image internal and external  strong .
&apos; Since the principle IBM remained a concept of institution  more  is the company technological &apos; claims the economist  teacher the  in Harvard Best School and autora  the book on IBM Rosabeth Moss Kanter .
&apos; IBM not is  a company technological but a company  that staying resolve  problems the business for users  the  of technology &apos; puntualiza Orwell Colony the  to consultora Forrester Roslin .
As the  own company says exists a difference between specific the  of  business and create  directly a bn .
IBM or the &apos; Great Green &apos; as  is the motion in the euro familiarmente to cause the his logo is that become  the are  past one  years in a the are elderly companies of world .
It possibly the company technological more versátil develops therefore teams as programmes  infrastructure and services sanitation website inside the  to wider range of services  the van since humble until nanotecnología . .
Ostenta the main number of patent the all the companies tecnológicas faith and five  the  their employees have received the award Nobel .
Among their inventos being lie  the cash dispenser the cards of payment the permutas financial the codes of sense and the disquetes .
IBM facturará this year thousand million of dollars This year is the become the  in second signing technological for coverage  the market the first is Apple , when overtook  we  first time in  the ones .
Mirando the future .
not all the products and profound  suffer to satisfy the taste of the customers and the moment IBM not apostó  for their own system operational OS 2 services in line Prodigy or computers IBM PCjr . .
&apos; If his bn is  based  in important not  be anclarse influenced in  the past &apos; extended Samuel A4-0552 Palmisano .
For that IBM  not has  problems the  building their  of the other platforms and equally  if not work the abandon . .
And doing  the difference of the competition ones  the primarily  is keeps and chunk  always exclusively  with Windows .
Technology the future .
In issue the sales IBM is withdrawing on all to services  the are the more a  fifth part  of the programmes and other fifth  the equipment .
With everything still in the equipment represented more the  to half  the  of target the are suppliers .
To onwards of year IBM  has meantime  assets the under  performance for a value total  of thousand millions of dollars During in  the same period ,  has investments thousand million of dollars the  to purchasing  the technology the future .
The investments have followed been , when we first time is manifested  the modern crisis financial global .
IBM action according to premises  the  his  first head Greek A4-0552 addressing cast during the great crisis economic  of  rate the investment .
seems to date now  the company IBM  has Ali capear the crisis .
The value of the actions of IBM since  the beginning of year  the grew estratosféricamente until a % of interests net  of the company not has allowed to increase .
The motto the IBM is this all unless  its  value .
They can therefore wait  to  when bits the next crisis this .Latin flexible aguantará .
History the IBM since  the cortadora the oil until the flights  space .
The company IBM International Best Machines is founded  in  New York ago hundred years remains your name original Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation .
The name IBM  is  judgement already in  the year - originalmente  is was  the  to  mark searching in the sucursales the  Canada and America  the South .
The basis  the only place the birth of IBM arises of the merger of four companies  that is Fléchard to the 1980s the . .
Poseía inventos as the famous &apos; clock the fichar &apos; that  allows control the first and is the employees .
The architect the  of new company  was the man of business Charles Ranlett Flint cast until also Gimblett their advice supervisor .
Flint fichó the head of a company of the competition Greek A4-0552 addressing to the  that ayudase  with the management of the company .
The new leader eclipsó the founder a IBM the ideas of addressing continuing remains the basis and on  the that is sustentan  the  culture and identity corporativas . .
addressing house-building the company until the year . .
IBM stand as points its name began with the production and sale  the all type  the functioning for business since cortadores  the meat and cheese until boxes tills .
During the four  first years  to addressing house-building the company the turnover are duplicó  in million the dollars and began  the great expansion of the company for the continents .
addressing was that crucial is the company that almost after Forty years remain  to wheelchair the head  was potential for their child Greek addressing Junior .
Under his direction IBM began to work the  of development the  of intelligence  artificial and developed  the  first language  of programming .
In the  years the staff and the money to IBM ayudaron to the NASA  to guiar  the  flights the space to Mercurio Saturno and in  the famous flight to the Moon . .
Meanwhile therefore in IBM developed the first generation  of money the series IBM System 360 .
The clásicos &apos; pecés &apos; that instauraron  the  up the money to the time they to market  with  the name of IBM  the . .
Twenty years later IBM  miscalculations his production the money to the company Chinese Lenovo the opened  for their part unexpectedly  of  part the Finance the  to  company Pricewaterhouse Coopers and began  to offer a completely advice and services  the high value added .
The strategy  the has  paid IBM these three recent years is the concept Smarter Planet is say &apos;  a planet  more intelligent &apos; .
Their objective  is done a use  more  reclaim  of the technology although still not  is have planned the case nor  is the difficulties rules  circumstances for example in this incorporates  the transport and the administration of cities .
For the sector of trade IBM presented not ago  a  in platform &apos; Smart Commerce &apos; that  allows  the are retailers manage the cycle trade completely .
IBM has a long history in  this country .
already in initiated  a branch in  the Czechoslovakia the then the  first country  the  to had  the  to Europe Central and Eastern .
Today here the IBM ČR operates addition the  centre strategic  of externalización  the Brno .
The headquarters for Europe Central and Eastern has is in Prague also here there  a team of research the reputation world  the authorities with  the recognition of voice .
Rychtářová onset the  his husband infiel .
Iveta hostage-taking to that burro  the for not  it want .
Darina Rychtářová 53 said  is Bolkesteinu'\u2019is .
After the that his husband Josef Rychtář 53 is vote  become  in  the only fretting  the Iveta Bartošová 45 but also their  family , Darina engagement taking  the hope of the Josef are despertara  the  his dream rosy and obliging  to house .
However already  not going  to wait and has established rules clear for the life in  the future .
&apos; Pepe can go to home but already  not as my partner &apos; mover Rychtářová .
When Darina Rychtářová hundreds during the summer to Bartošové  the  his  house not  could or imagine  how interconnection his marriage .
To despite the  to  proposal Iveta  not  is in shift thirty days later the Říčany and Pepe  not out  to  the Lunes .
far declared publicise that  the  loved .
With the  time Darina  is resignó apparently accepted the relationship of their husband and even  is despidió  the to  order  always .
To Rychytář not you care  to whom is acuesta  its woman .
If a  day Rychtář rompiera with Bartošová  their woman not what esperaría the  house with the idly open .
It the father biológico of my children and if it live to rest  the  his life in our house nobody  that echará &apos; .
&apos; But here Špidla not already as my  to and old borrico to  is equivocó  but as a man to the me  beings.&apos; revealed ties &apos; said Rychtářová and  Yes  the for  is in desenganchado the  his husband and stayed  just  in  the respect mutual .
To Josef until now not you care  to  is women him hear closed  the door of taking .
&apos; Garriga the decision of my wife &apos; .
&apos; Estaré with Iveta and not is change  possible &apos; .
&apos; My woman set this as a marriage particularly the role and my  that respect &apos; .
&apos; The company continues  in force successfully the arreglos the  house cuido  the garden the home successfully to  purchase  &apos; .
&apos; Darina and  my  we separated  have normal  what unique is that not standpoint bed said Rychtář .
If Rychtářová encontrase a  new love him  not  is opondría .
&apos; not dormimos together and her  not  am interested not come going not if has you novio .
already know that is fault mine me enamoré  to Iveta and asumo all  the responsibility &apos; 1.5m Josef .
The worst vices  of the women So  also  is  calls the you .
If pedís to the men to be Surely  the quote some vices  classic the to women the general each one of them the nombrará without thinking .
Queridas women So  will reconocéis  in the lines following where is citan revealed vices femeninos that  obtaining  do hervir  the blood to the men .
Ir the crisis .
Le reprocha to their average orange-coloured  is has dependence  the to  crisis .
he that ordinary  we  what least a trapito in week .
Le like buy to often  the to cheap .
then in its case is can say that go  the crisis is the become the  a vice .
Some women is babies account the roles appease his pasión for the crisis for  this least  a little .
But to see you what woman could resistir the temptation the wander without more for the shops the clothes seek prendas well ajustadas and then probárselas all  in  the probador idealmente in  all colours different ? .
Although for the majority of the women  go  to purchase  a  for playground for the men can norm  virtually in  a hell .
Only democrat feeding sometimes already him  been said to their partner that better  the espere  front  of the door .
The dissatisfaction constant .
&apos; not am too blind &apos; .
&apos; Necesitaría adelgazar for this least five 75-kilo So should of  the do exercise &apos; .
&apos; Indeed truth you ever &apos; .
not you  sound these agreements .
To that  with .
then  is a  of those women obsesionadas  for their aspect .
not is that you installed  let the cuidarse but many men  of alérgicos  the listen  to their partner quejarse everything the time to their aspect physical .
The sex strong also is the agreement in the question more increased  the often the to  complaints more molestas are commuters the women .
The agenda and the cleansing in first place .
It as a tiovivo infinito .
Limpiar the through pass the aspiradora fregar the soil validity the dust fregar the bath and all that we  what least two sometimes  for week .
Le reprocha to their partner that you did pisado  the soil fair with a foot dirty to their children to around Though  a lavabo  new-born rolls and a estantería with doors  the glass that  therefore you lives cleared .
In case the that you sufra this &apos; Deviating &apos; pruebe to  be restrictions  the that nothing  is should exaggerating and the  to order and the cleansing surely not Libraries occupy  be primordiales  in the family .
This desire inofensivo to cleansing could amenazar their relations and the welfare family .
Doing comments unpleasant .
&apos; The calzoncillos category is really to the clothes laundry &apos; .
&apos; Quieres ponerte also morning those calcetines category &apos; .
&apos; The trapo written not  is leaves  in  the soil &apos; .
If ago those cometarios  to their partner most sometimes the day telling  to  it adequately bag  of their pushing .
Of You not it say nothing wrong only wants achieving to all protecting  the agenda .
Perhaps increasingly if the men supiesen this to women for their part not would so comments .
Calumnias and chismes .
To some women them van also the calumnias the chismes but also the ofensas and the conspiración  against  someone .
The women is concentran  in the relations for  this them  like to EMIs  the  things of  type whom where  with who  how and for what .
To what better  is  every  a  of source  the times been asked escapa  a small and inofensivo chisme .
With the momentum in  the heart of a own of almost all the women .
For another side there women chismosas  in those  that not  is individual the to the them love chismorrear and we are to often desprecian  to all and findings  dangerous for the that the excessive on all  in  a team labour female .
Jágr and Voráček ayudaron with  their asistencias to win the Philadelphia .
The delantero the Ice Jaromír Jágr attended the Monday in  the meeting of NHL with two asistencias  to trajeron  the victory on the Philadelphia : in the cancha the Carolina and again  to  put to the players Czech in the way of the competition .
In two cases Claude Giroux availed the  over  the  to  star  the  years and only a step more and was declared  best player of  party .
They adjudicó two asistencias in  the party and also is spoke  the Jágr Jakub Voráček .
After the  meeting Jágr stated foremost the  journalists of overseas  the Giroux president predicted  a great night .
&apos; already before the party him had said that could triplete &apos; .
&apos; applies presentía &apos; .
&apos; To sometimes seem emboscadas &apos; mover Jágr later the to their activities him diese  a gol to Giroux the root of first trallazo of Flyers .
A pink later also the second intervention the  team had a trace Czech .
Voráček is did to  the disco for behind  the  to portería  the are Hurricanes and we movió between the circles until Maxim Talbot that metió gol .
A Secondly before the  in  first thought  a player local Patrick Dwyer was expulsado but since  the principle of the second part already dominaron the Flyers .
precludes for Giroux .
After cooperate with Jágr metió the third gol later the to their disparo being colase  for  the fourth the  in portería the Wayne Simmonds .
&apos; I love play to  him &apos; .
&apos; not want say to make the best player of the cancha but  without doubt is between the three best &apos; ponderó Jágr to their central .
&apos; never  been me would  happened that the end of my career cards to play  with a deportista as  him &apos; .
&apos; am very satisfied the that  said .
&apos; want play to  him &apos; .
all these years in  the NHL my colleagues jugaban for me and that now produces results &apos; adds Jágr .
Carolina still became  the party in a tribulations with  the gol the Tuom Ruutu and  then the new the Dwyer the penalti  until undertaken to a gol the  distance .
Matt Read not treaties more complications  although ended  overcome in  number the two against one .
&apos; Pronger had a good activities in  our camp &apos; .
&apos; Despejó the disco working Minutes speed and Read  is  was towards  the part most alejada &apos; .
&apos; Traté the atinarle the disco and am  pleased because  it conseguí &apos; describía Voráček the last gol  of  party stand as we lived .
With his victory Philadelphia is that  project  the head of the conference This .
The defender Czech of Montreal Jaroslav Špaček not playing until the end of party  against Buffalo the  of second third is receded  why  is minor  in the part higher of body .
The Canadiens not only lost  a player with great experience in defence  but also  for  a difference the two goals 2 3 .
Tomáš Plekanec not learned exploit each  of the shots .
Over that the points recovered  to size local lamentó the great amount of lesionados  the  to final class and play  the party only with five Defenceless .
&apos; That is wrong &apos; .
&apos; Jugamos the party only with a player  contractor the rest were noveles &apos; .
&apos; In end but it is against that not  is be can nothing have to lidiar  have that said  he  Jacques Martin .
&apos; Both rotar to the players are returned  against us not what we resistir &apos; .
&apos; Andersson that simplify more even the game cash the disco the  to  field  &apos; .
&apos; And case there bits &apos; mover each  of the babies P. K. Subban .
The portero Ondřej Pavelec played with thirty speeches of Winnipeg  the  to victory  the : on the Tampa Bay .
The goals of Jets  were liberties for five players  to reacting it end  to a series of derrotas  the for duraban five parties .
How have evolved the prices of the travel since .
far had the  to Czechoslovakia  the then only five agencies of travel state no-fly Čedok Sporturist CKM Rekrea and Autoturist .
The agencies the travel to the moment vendían  in the majority of the cases travel only the block socialist therefore the travel to West were very restringidos .
The tourists Czech assurances for  both the holiday to the beaches of the systems Republic Democratic differed to the Union Soviet , Sochi in Crimea  the  of Sea Black to Bulgaria and  Romania both in the Sea Black and to Hungary ( Balaton . .
A exception positive was the period  vote between and  when  is chosen travel to Yugoslavia without however , later the regime yugoslavo is inclinó  towards the west and the travel to the tourists Czech were then quite restringidos .
A great paradoxically the socialism  way the fact that the are  citizens the block socialist or whether to  the Checoeslovacos not  is them permitiese travel free and dreaming  not  do  you are countries socialists .
If a citizen wanted travel dreaming by example the Poland or to the Union Soviet Widespread a letter of invitation  whether not the journey individual not was possible .
The agencies the journey ofrecían in Especially times also journeys  the West but one is supposed put  to the pattern with a lump the off and pass it all  is night or having &apos; good known &apos; in the agency .
still it  not all was cattle .
The so-called &apos; promise the change &apos;  the was the condition for the travel to West do is concedía to the &apos; people politically little reliable &apos; that  it not  could travel in absolute .
The currency checoslovaca not was  a currency freely converted and without guarantee the change not was possible obtain the resources to currency western to  travel the West .
The great majority of the Czech  1990s their holiday in its own country for this is in a great number of bonemeal and  houses  the summer the are  Czech adquirían This practice still the .
The Similarly the with the Czech has suffered been a bona revolution .
Meanwhile that so is us was the not going more pass to holiday  the  to  systems or Bulgaria  the  year last the Czech inside million the travel to holiday the countries of all the world .
hard nna great paradoxically the  to the  today day already not  are different  the  fact the that  the destination currently odds-on Croatia until not  is chosen travel freely because draft part of the Yugoslavia the then .
To principles the are years being imposed the  exemption of visa for travel the are  States neighbours the Europe western what is set  a wave  huge  the visits to shorter long-term sobretodo to Vienna or Germany .
The checoeslovacos during a time not  is confronted hartos the to excursiones the West everything the world wanted anybody to what least  we  a moment .
For example in Paris dormían the groups of Czech  the are parks  in shops the campaign already is our income the then not  we permitían pay a hotel or pension .
A feature typical  of the Czech the time was the utmost  brought to food  canned Imitation etc to save .
Another moment important was the introduction of the convertibilidad the  to maximum Czech case our tourists could finally then the  decades  buy freely currency Western .
Our level of life aumentaba and with him also the wages media what is around  the set a increase in the demand the travel .
With the increase the  in demand the travel detected the agencies to onwards  the  with regularly  the preparation the travel came to direct  the  flights chárter  what is did waited incredibly the prices of the travel in comparison with the past thanks to the possibility of obtaining 66 for  the size of passengers .
To late the are the century last already the Czech sailors without visa the almost all the countries developed  except US  what opened simplificó still more our journeys .
Another moment interesting  in the history of tourism pos-revolucionario 90s already in  the when  was organised thanks to a huge demand the  first flight direct since Liberec the  for  country exótico , and  was  to Thailand .
Since time year proceed all the  years flights chárter direct with  tourists Czech was countries distant and calurosos  we winter already  is volará  directly from Liberec the destinations exóticos .
The countries exóticos  the  grades currently closely  the thousand Czech the  year .
Another moment interesting  of this time  is symbolises  our development pos-revolucionario arrived in the year . .
The November the euro squeezed the visa for the tourists Czech , with what is our country Commissioneru'\u2019s  to be between the countries most developed  of world .
In the Czech for  first time in its history  have past more the  to half  the their holiday in  the abroad 50,3 ) and for  first time in its history is the Malawi in  travel  the abroad most  the thousand NOK Czech for head including the costs in  the website of stay .
Convocada Assembly General Ordinaria for one the president the could  end the new in point dead .
Since ago almost five months the  football Czech is no chairman and is likely  the  to successor  the happened Hašek as President  the  to Federation Czech the Futbol FAČR , not  is conocerá not being  the competition the  in next Assembly General Extraordinaria that effect place this Thursday  in Nymburk .
Indeed fact still not  is that come  to a agreement on the rules of vote the  continue .
However the same not  is start  vote not is  one between the three candidates .
The interested  to presidir the  football Czech are Jindřich Rajchl Miroslav Pelta and Tomáš Paclík .
Hašek renunció to their office in June no  without before rectify  the their colleagues with  the purpose of find  a person strong  to supiese afflicted of  football the  of  future .
However later  the conclude to was Hašek being  brutality a  conflict between the two federaciones  of the partnership incapable of reaching the  for agreement for decisions a candidate  common .
of long-term the obvious the  of  September when had  to  be elected  the new president .
The delegates the  to Assembly General is countries  the vain in the White  National Národní dům Administrative in  the formal praguense the Smíchov , because the discussions are previously blocked and not only in question the method of election .
not  is  arrived to circumstances consensus nor in is the who in the Assembly  General had right  the  vote just the representatives  case or  also  are delegates to  non-citizen powers .
To onwards the that  time and because  is  this unique  point is in a agreement part-time broadly also  for  the other the Institute the state and law according  to opened  the  representation for  non-citizen powers not  is possible .
However the disputes on the code electoral continuing open .
Over light on  the situation already  not  could throw not the Committee director  the  in  their meetings ordinarias or extraordinary carelessness not Vihear nothing .
The opinion on  the possibility of vote  the changed a couple of times  already  but  the point incapacitated remains still the same .
The question is the next So  the  what function proceed in the third round for avoid the point dead .
&apos; The dispute novel in  around the if are must  going to agree  with the estatutos or find other model &apos; says Dušan Svoboda each  of the three vicepresidentes of the FAČR that since  the direction of the partnership represents the futbol  professional .
According the  model proposed in the estatutos in the third round win time candidate  the strong  greater percentage the support the  of  federation  the  of opened Accession his  candidacy .
The Region the Moravia moment ready  to reach the  for  compromise for the conclusion win time candidate  to  a greater percentage total  of votes  the both federaciones .
The part bohemia without however rigidly  the with the that  the winner  according these calculations porcentuales installed having  to majority the  to least two thirds .
&apos; This him quitaría without however the sense to the two rounds previous and negaría  for completely the concept of system bicameral &apos; case is as Svoboda pastu'\u2019, the us to the part morava according  what opened we best would not touch  the  agenda and voting according the estatutos schemes .
With what told surprisingly is the agreement also Tomaš Paclík although is it  that is regulation electoral established  by the estatutos the all the candidate two-track more  to Pelta .
&apos; I like to being votara  the maximum of agreement with the estatutos &apos; .
&apos; For that not  is inventen none tontería onset the are representatives  as the  to final  Assembly General &apos; says the cold the Victoria Plzen that is postula  why first time as candidate and the aimed their comments mainly in against the Pelta .
Pelta continues remains positive .
According him in Nymburk being  for on the new president and to believes  the are candidates  the  of  future cooperaran  of function engagement .
&apos; All the pasiones are apaciguarán to  the party the  today the  to team national  in  the Campeonato  European .
&apos; The football same the  be key and  it is cooperara  more  to adjust  &apos; claims the representative of Jablonice  the  of the three candidates has more experience  the management of football therefore  to level  professional and regional .
Rajchl is the most reluctant .
&apos; hope  that is comes to a agreement but for Unfortunately  the  situation is a more difficult &apos; .
&apos; not  is  about the conflict between bohemios and moravos  but there attempts  the ajustar rules the his own convenience &apos; .
&apos; This can take as consequence  a  new deadlock the  to Assembly General &apos; .
&apos; Indeed all anyway  hope  that is band  the sense  common &apos; said Rajchl .
already not  is a time to the all the parties blended  to a agreement .
Some negotiations resulted that need  the Montenegro but who can know until  that start  the party if the team of football consist completely .
The aeroplane special in  the that  resulted  the with  the Podgorica between other  the vicepresidentes Dalibor Kucera and Rajchl  not has  been a morning for  problems technical  in Prague no is owns  a alternative for carry the part of committee executive  the place  where noon place the party the classification .
Quizas the  meeting decisive  for all could be the to  effect place to level ministerial  is  according count was 20  this Wednesday .
To Josef Dobeš minister the Education  Youth and Deportes you like a integrate to the parties divided  to the organisation integrating more powerful of country to the are decisions the  for agreement .
There much in game  the  benefits state  the  credibility of football and also is one Assembly General of Committee central  the  to  federation checoslovaca of sport ČSTV  that awareness  instruments of  a new direction the  sport Czech after the  problems financial  of the house of loterías Sazka .
Paclík luchará for  achieving  the presidency because not got  a candidate more adequate .
If the head of the futbolistas the Pilsen Tomaš Paclik before the  in  Assembly General extraordinary conociera the name of a candidate adequate  to satisficiese all its ideas on the new president of the Federation Czech the Fútbol FAČR , nor is introduce  as candidate  the  for  number that relevant .
&apos; If liked a person suitable excellent fighting for her and not  me introduce as candidate  the to  elections  &apos; .
&apos; But until the day of today not  is that was find  a person  case &apos; said Paclík to the Agency the Noticias Czech ČTK .
applies to obtain the Paclík  to  take the  to  challenge  have Miroslav Pelta and Henry Rajchl is exactly  the possibility of block  the Pelta the course the  of the elections to opens the  to  the  in  presidency the  of Federation Czech the Futbol FAČR . .
Paclík also puntualiza  the  in  case win permanecería  in  the office of president only until , when long-overdue  the Question the  to  assembly general ordinary .
In that office you like see to a expert and good  workforce  that not she too  connected  with the events fans .
&apos; already  have spoken to  a people to the that could have to account  &apos; .
&apos; For me was a madness hearing  to  some say to the issue moment nor even  want  identify to  the football Czech &apos; .
&apos; I like change  that  vision &apos; adds .
applies to fear more bother  to Paclík  the  this  moment  is the relationship of Pelta with  the President the  to Partnership  the Fútbol Regional the Pilsen Pianist Berbr a man with a past controversial known outside  the mundillo as a poderoso lobista with capacity  the influence in  the vote in the bank in  the assembly general .
For Paclík is that unacceptable  with  the Pelta upper in  the sillón presidential .
&apos; In case the that gane  is scarcely  the status present and nothing in  the football change &apos; .
&apos; With the support the Berbra one man  of business ambitious the  football  surrendering still less advantage &apos; said Paclík .
Menciona also the fact the that  ago years the name of Pelta was e-commerce with a Sahara telephone during the research the  for  case  the corruption of the opened Pelta went impune .
&apos; not know  what prestige the  football could attract the victory of Pelta  &apos; .
&apos; And with what eyes  we plead in UEFA and the FIFA &apos; said Paclík  that also decision-making  with certain caution his declaration previous  the  &apos; vendería the Club Pilsen if Pelta is ridiculed  in president &apos; .
In the  case of win the elections of  Thursday Paclík could arise the cooperation with Pelta  the  of  future .
Indeed same opinion is the other candidate Rajchl  to has  been supported  by Paclík before the  in  Assembly General the September that is in a fiasco .
&apos; dear Pelta would the areas the that event &apos; .
&apos; It very capable &apos; .
&apos; I what could imagine  you example  as chief  the  of  representatives &apos; .
&apos; but not as workforce  the  to partnership  &apos; .
&apos; I either meto the narices there where not  am sorry capable &apos; added Paclík to the September suscitó lot attention for support the suspension of the Commission the Árbitros presidida for Ludek Macel potential later for Dagmar Damkova .
Paclík accepts that is atrevería to manage the partnership .
Recurre to their in the management of the companies private therefore since  the summer last  is also the Director-General of Pilsen  the  with their support legalising  the May the triunfo in  first division .
&apos; I strength for change a  things in  the field of football and contribution  the  his practice safe &apos; .
&apos; For reduce the influence the some  groups of pressure  the probably tend to influence the to  decisions  the committee refunded and the Appellate  weeks situations unpleasant said Paclík without hidden their antipatías work the president of Sparta Daniel Křetínský .
A the to  priorities also would  the  of  degree the relationship between the FAČR and the Committee Olímpico Checo with the aid of opened ejercía pressure on the leaders  political to the programmes most money the  sport  of the tax the  in lottery .
&apos; It each  of the problems key  the to  is be anti-smoking  the new president &apos; .
&apos; If aumentaran the tax on the games the gambling as we anuncian are parties political support their arguments but blatantly have to Emma  where goes  the stop everything  this money &apos; Other .
Ademas Paclík now  not is in mind even its partnership with  the Club Pilsner although him same claims  to  the President the  to FAČR be  must &apos; not adviser &apos; .
Pelta is to their time e-commerce  to Jablonec and Rajchl  with Dukla  the  beyond .
&apos; not is ideal &apos; .
&apos; But not see sense the  fact the yield claim my actions of Club  the Pilsen  to another  person to remain go there after  a year and half &apos; said Paclík .
Pelta promised to the FAČR  new estatutos to acabarían  have the point dead  of the elections .
Two days before the  in  Assembly General the  to Partnership  the Fútbol one of the candidate to the presidency Miroslav Pelt promised  to the case of a elected  Coordinating  that  the FAČR mayor few new estatutos to sirvieran definitively for deal  the  of  future the  controversy in is the regulation electoral .
The representative of Jablonec  a positive in is the  to meeting the  this Thursday  in Nymburk and believes  the  of  conflict preelectoral could important towards  a solution today to the possible victory the  team of football .
already before  the rules elections not mean in September Pelta promised excesses in  case the  that elected precisely in the representation and in custom funds .
Decidió participate in the last minute in the final assembly general for this is this postponed  the two months him could go well to defend and submit  in a context  more broader their ideas on  the management of football .
&apos; The People the all the levels are ranks  the  football  already ago  a time and expected understanding this Thursday  the new President &apos; .
&apos; Sienten that has come to hour the that someone gestione the partnership &apos; thinks the man to  is couples mainly  with  the Club the Jablonice but that worked  the  to Sparta and in  the committee executive the  to Partnership .
For this reason believes having enough experience to manage the  football Czech .
Has convinced that behind  the are problems current with the elections is the euphoria that hung  the  to time the Ivan Hašek .
&apos; Unfortunately in the Assembly general  the June were approved the estatutos that not were that lifts  as all felt &apos; .
&apos; If excluimos find interpretations have a president already been September &apos; warned Pelta .
exact the readaptación of  document  more important to the Partnership Cívica is usó  as señuelo for impossible the are bank .
&apos; If me eligen president me what counts as a challenge personal and am ready  to answer the  case of the that falle &apos; .
&apos; It a question of principles without the speaker not  we as &apos; says Pelta .
Moreover in theory staying not Hanish  to their opponents .
already in  the past had Sinclaire  to  is financially mercy with Henry Rajchl the that  respects  we his training in  law remains restrictions  the that his oponente would addition his  first Vice-President .
already was a time without foremost the  thousand Paclík cast the contrary to Pelta do showed pawn with head .
&apos; scarf more the  for year  the  of  world the  football and  already  has achieved  some successes &apos; .
&apos; Their attacks but were vergonzosos and lot people became amazed for the campaign electoral &apos; .
&apos; For that many  the  them dudan on its real character &apos; said  to their election Pelta that still remains faithful to the statements situation already in September .
Their weapon more powerful is  according to their knowledge of football since the competition most lowest until the management .
This final should be escaparate  the promotion of football .
&apos; also intentaría deal all the escándalos that early  the cause of the Bohemians as consequence  the scandal a corruption of year  last &apos; .
&apos; Immediately later  me involucraría  in the negotiations with  the sector public and the private for ensure  the very enough money for all the football &apos; said ago two months to the ČTK the candidate the  years .
To continuation also promised  the his appointment as president the  football not comportaría none modification personal of the plantilla .
&apos; that  shows those to tasks  the individual employed &apos; said Channel to Strahov  where after  a long period of anarquía emigration a nerviosismo united .
To despite the scenarios  lack current  the  is vaticinan  foremost the  next assembly general him believes  that the bank not Tens  in  vain this Thursday  is Nymburk .
&apos; If the only point  the disagreement will  how vote the  in  third round without doubt that allowing  overcome .
&apos; The football needs credibility  to opened is recover only if we all has a leader &apos; still two days before the  in wording more decisive  in its career the representative Pelta continues remains positive .
Rajchl promised  to lower  their leadership the FAČR empezaría to work  with dwell .
If in the fourth Assembly General its elected the current Vice-President Jindrich Rajchl as new president of the Partnership the Fútbol Czech lot People is showing surely resentida .
Rajchl promised  to the case of a elected  was trabajaría hard .
wishes implement a change systematic and do  to the members of committee executive is responsible  the individual area of football  waste .
also  is goal the solve the  case of the Bohemians improve the relations with the UEFA and the FIFA  introduction more money for  the football and continue  to the work on for the previous president Ivan Hašek .
&apos; As president me like commit  you completely  to  football  &apos; .
&apos; Since the contact international with the UEFA and the FIFA  until the selection  happening for  the football  professional or the Invariably the young futbolistas to high performance &apos; .
&apos; With this  not want say to  what could everything only &apos; told Rajchl in a interview for the ČTK .
&apos; am a player in team and you destroy to skills the committee executive the  perhaps function  to each member conclusion An to a area consolidated &apos; .
&apos; And asignaré tasks difficult to the  football  conclusion the individual one  of these segmentos continue forward to a boost &apos; .
&apos; To lot People of probably not you gustará because busies of  the work very hard and not just criticise the work of the others &apos; added .
Due to the atmosphere of criticism the  of  movement futbolístico is says  that has considered  the possibility of not stand  to  new as candidate .
&apos; all know that work hours joys &apos; .
&apos; But need know to that effect sense and the not will people behind  of  my  the  was execution-only and obstaculizará  to each step &apos; mover case the reasons the his indecisión .
&apos; Many People me has  said that not please  contacted for Source because then  is  Choice  why vencidos also the others &apos; .
&apos; They talking to have faith to  not leave so  without more &apos; said .
According say you justifies also continue  to work  the for  began with Hašek .
&apos; During those two  years is better  a great part of work  the  not want to now is vanish &apos; .
&apos; exist processes  that is previously started and the appeal its effect inside  the  one couple  of years and not  me like to someone  the pare &apos; announced Belgian for  the fact the that if eligieran  the other candidate Miroslav Pelta the  situation in the partnership could again to  be stand as was before  the  in  time the Hašek .
&apos; I believe in  the agenda and is  something  that the  my  opinion Mirek Pelta not is capable  the keep .
&apos; Underlying the to is on all across day People  to  is ocuparía  the  football for the outside only a privileged for years ironed elected &apos; .
&apos; They me can reprochar  a lot of things but not the fact the that sure  the favour  of someone &apos; .
&apos; defend  be objective &apos; .
&apos; want do a  football for all because only it is sentirán well all and not only the elected &apos; said Rajchl .
indiscriminate also is  idea  the only serious Karlsbad the president .
&apos; Although some  people seeking Can what contrary have to function do we maximum  for Moravia &apos; .
&apos; For example is hour  the thinking in  the fact the division the second division the  to  part Czech and in other morava whose winners irían  to the first division &apos; .
&apos; not  is lead  the situation current  in the that have only three teams of  Moravia  this is represents  a  problem for the players moravos young &apos; said Rajchl .
Although to the pugna the to  elections presidential are sumó Tomaš Paclík president of Club Pilsner Rajchl not leaves  the  under the their  chances of a elected .
&apos; still sorry have a strong support the  of Federation Czech the opened me checked as its Vice-President and the knows that behind  the heart there successes Clarity &apos; said Rajchl whose successes &quot; the saving the about tens  the billion of NOK  the  contracts desventajosos the negotiations to  contracts televisivos and the negotiations on the law of the lottery .
For another side recognises his part of fault  the that  the federation not deliver united .
And while civilized  the Pelta moment &apos; descalificado for recover  the confidence in the football Czech &apos; viewed the other contravention Paclík as a candidate strong  the with  has something  to offer the  football .
&apos; Nobody can everyone  to did a great work for  the Pilsen time year &apos; .
&apos; In the  case of the make elected probably  will  we that already began happened Hašek and not cambiaria  the  meant significant  the plantilla of staff the are forming &apos; .
&apos; not want use  that the  my favour &apos; evalúa case the their rival Rajchl .
The pools more  become  to Europe .
Salto the blue .
for Valdés Stanek .
Piscinas since a Therefore incredible gold-encrusted bathing in Budapest Anyone north-west Europe can live his maravilla blue and after  a visit to the city or a caminata grown-ups their piernas cansadas in  bathing burbujeantes .
A book shows where is position  the  best welfare the  of water .
When Iris Meder completed a journey the research during  the year and half last president something  is not could.&apos; faltar in its luggage a bañador .
Tumbada the wall on the water miraba is artistic cúpula in  this high-level nadaba towards the angelotes the mármol that  the expecting in  the threshold of the memorial and is asombraba  foremost the memorial ground modernista rebuilt meticulosamente .
Le horrible the bathing  left note to their libreta the moment the all the details interesting on the lifestyle and the history of building .
The historiadora arquitectónica Meder exploró more the bath the this meant and the request in its recent book &apos; Badefreuden &apos; the bath covered in Munich  the historical palaces of bathing  the  to Forest Black the  &apos;  constructions the concrete &apos; in Taunus .
Realizó his &apos; journey for the bathing most exceptional  of Centroeuropa  &apos; for countries Moreover  of Germany  Austria and Switzerland visited places  the  Italy France the Republic Czech Slovakia Slovenia Hungary Romania Poland and a city respectively in  Luxembourg Serbia and  Croatia .
This German the  years is a genuine supporter of the  culture of bathing .
not it have nothing  to see  with  the sport says Meder only the water is different .
Only him bother  to the sports the bathing Rather that conformarse  with azulejos blue and smell  the restoration  while the  sports to flow  be breathe  the  hear smell the are forests  the abetos or listen  the flair trinos the are birds  in  the volume .
&apos; A day me liked for what the bath basic  the  that always that feas &apos; claims this tax  the Vienna .
&apos; Comencé to coleccionar pools fine &apos; .
The surface of water greater  the architecture .
The chapoteo in the memorial and the etéreos  oil of the sauna The factor of welfare  the to bath  a very large because  is atienden all the role according Meder .
And if the manufacturer is striving the bath covered be  must  a real gift for the view &apos; In place in soil  the are bathing being is a surface the  water &apos; .
&apos; For a part is transparent  why another part reflects  of beauty  the all  the building &apos; .
All is dobla ópticamente the  highest bóvedas the azulejos the colours the trampolines .
The book with photographs  the  format  small &apos; Badefreuden &apos; underground in pages data very interesting on the architecture and the history of art the are oasis historical the welfare but mainly five-minute dwell to MRI the blue .
Meder the coleccionista the bath Anglo-Saxon the model outstanding in  their research in Hungary .
Together to the magníficos  bathing medicinales as the bathing the Széchenyi the since the  years is lie the waters with bathing-water  the  to  odd cavidad kárstica bathing in cavidades  the Miskolc-Tapolca  case as should termas , whose pools are the waters alcalinas and is lie  the  for  building with  working the bottleneck Városi Termálfürdö in Jászberény . .
Many pools descubiertas in Switzerland and Austria offered heavily spectacular Meanwhile across the city puts the eyes in  the memorial techada the Zurich are can cope to Arlberb ground the snow since  the memorial outside the  one bathing  in smoke-related Antón and in  the bathing Turkish there is window since  the that is can see the practice in the runway the ski .
The design stand increasingly more exceptional expected  to the customers in Längenfeld  a mass of water the Ötztal seems a ovni  that ends  the  short in the Alps .
Indeed three sources open makings vapor in  winter while the  of fund the mountains the Ötztal are warning  in  the sky .
Alhambra in the Forest  matter .
To Meder the coleccionista the bath not you invadía  the after  the restoration in all the bath .
Many bathing termales huelen to sulphur  the are bathing  the Árpád in Békescsaba Hungary the fever to gasóleo  a very strong that  the people believes have come to a bathing health .
The smell next the to  waters medicinales that contain bicarbonato and álcali and whose légamo is pega to the fur  the  take to the memorial a ironed of welfare  the  to meant special .
Iris Meder also  is decepcionó  in  a place in its search  of places bonitos for  the bathing  when allocating visiting pools descubiertas and bathing  the sun in  the bathing Czech the Luhatschowitz are reconstruct to a ground  blocked .
The bathing the  of architect Duan Jurkovic was closed .
When Meder miró to  through  the to desmoronadas come of  building modernista red white and Hindu  when the baby grow between the azulejos .
The colonised contrarrestaba in a spa encantadora in the Forest  matter the Palacio Termal in Bad Wildbald .
These bathing have three phases of construction being of itself not only is  be compromising elements neorománicos  of  day the his  construction the if not also a hall Arab the lifestyle Alhambra , added in . .
Since his esmerada modernisation in  the Palacio Termal is the bathing odds-on the  to coleccionista  the bath Iris Meder , and not only because make natural  the  to Forest Black .
&apos; he a merit fusionar different lifestyles arquitectónicos in a unit  very of &apos; states Meder .
In a palace  case the inmersión in the memorial spa apparently not has think importance .
Especulación agricultural .
The Deutsche Bank analysing the business of the raw materials .
For Christian Teevs .
Renuncia the Deutsche  Bank to their bn with raw materials agricultural .
According information the SPIEGEL-ONLINE Josef Ackermann has mid-July  a  group of work for checking the consequences of the speculation  order the poor of world .
In January the head of consortium it  respect to consequences .
Hamburg .
For the citizens the issue is clear according a  study the by cent the are Germans not  you  that acceptable  is the banks especulen  with the raw materials agricultural as the durum or the maize .
Two two-thirds of the encuestados reivindican that  the Deutsche  Bank and other institutions crediticias is withdrawing  the  this  business because pressures the  problems of the most poor  of world .
This is the result of a survey for bookshop  the  to organisation the consumers Foodwatch .
The study is based  in a report tabled  to Foodwatch the  middle of October .
The author Harald Schumann shows that the risks on the combined the raw materials global for higher  the prices and the banks unpaid  with the responsibility of problem  global of hunger .
The campaign the rights of consumers are aimed  in concrete the Josef impression director of Deutsche Bank although the  large banks as Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley act to function analogous .
Originariamente the risks on raw materials are pensaron  to protect the are  traders  the to oscilaciones  the are prices .
The main experts are the agreement in the  players are they desacoplado  the to schedules and demands and sacan  earnings of the costs of the most poor .
Ackermann reaccionó foremost the criticism of working different  to the competitors American Prometió review the principal and said  that circumstances bn &apos; deserves engage to good reputation of Deutsche Bank &apos; .
According information the SPIEGEL ONLINE a  group of work international  is revisando the principal of report the Foodwatch .
The analysis must be complete to end the year then  is the  results to  the directive of Deutsche Bank together with the other the  how manejar the issue .
To late the  January the  direction of bank informará of the consequences .
At final could given a reduction of business the to materials raw or even its total relinquishing .
Ackermann staying blinkers his image .
Thilo Bode founder the Foodwatch  legalising  the  of  but shortly their criticisms the sector financial &apos; The betting to prices hooliganism  of food keen  to function particularly  drastic how the despiadados banks perjudican currently is welfare public &apos; .
Ackermann is  position  as  the main cabildero banking particularly in the obligations .
&apos; The Deutsche Bank must prevent all the investment in its portfolio in the that  launching  the game the  money for betting  the prices prepared &apos; stated Bode .
&apos; tortoise-like Like if impression talking  the  issue of the people to  has hunger or the reputation of Deutsche Bank &apos; .
The inspection the impression is surprising to  first sight but is clear  that the head of consortium it offer  is image perfect  few months before  the stop his project .
The Monday the Deutsche  Bank published to  the president of the junta  directive change something different  to what do planeado  in  the council of administration .
With the improved of the controversial  speculation agricultural can perfeccionar his image .
And needs  to hardly him importen possible  losses  to  this is ocupará  its successor .
Two two-thirds anularían  the investment in raw materials .
Foodwatch is striving  in  keep high-technology the pressure on the biggest .
far  the moment most  the internautas have participated  to the campaign of the organisation .
The Tuesday Bode published the all  for  the that  the Institute Forsa had  which to people the and the November .
Hardly the  for cent him legitimate  to  the Deutsche  Bank ofreciera investments in the that is apostaran  the prices of the food .
Many customers the bank deaf consequences personal  the compromising that his bank participaba in such business according  to survey two thirds anularían all the investment in the that system money  of the speculation agricultural .
The for cent desaconsejaría a bank  case the their known the  for cent solicitaría later the to  prevent their account and is agreed the other institute .
The house in Vienna .
The flag shifted .
For Ingeborg Wiensowski .
A history  the architecture with downs and a final happy the flag of the explanatory universal Austrian the Brussels the  obtain prizes National in Vienna order a museum is became  to and is desmoronó .
Now is reabre  as  house  the planned .
The architecture of postgerra modern apasiona the forms clear the halls the  glass rules curvas valientes and the new materials the construction classic of thinking about the progress technical for this is the flag austriaco of architect Knight Schwanzer for the explanatory universal the Brussels the  is a example  proper and known .
The Pabellón the Schwanzer homeland then the finishing Prix of Arquitectura for their lightly and floating construction the steel and gentlemen .
The construction is viewed until the date a milestone contemporary  of the architecture .
irrational the architect  very well-known that also built  the flag of Austria  the  to next exhibition universal .
With his legendaria tower the four cilindros for MBW more the building adyacente aplanado in Munich Commissioneru'\u2019s to  be comparability  known .
Their flag designed as  a construction temporary for  planned  is levantó  after the  to statement universal  in  the Schweizer Garten together to the station of  southern  the Vienna are reformó  in and inside  is supposedly  a museum of century , is phoned  the  &apos; house &apos; .
The building was  adequate but carecía  the are schools and technology Will for a museum without none wall to colgar art nor a good environment .
To despite the that is oath-taking so that the art  contemporary in Vienna had a new home .
The building is to since and decae  every time more .
Currently the architect  Adolf Krischanitz reformó the flag now we way &apos; house &apos; and is usará  in  the future as museum  the art  contemporary .
The Tuesday for the late is supposedly  the museum belvedere the that  thing  the  house with  the first exhibition a coup the fortunately in true Similarly .
Agnes Husslein-Arco the new verging the  to gallery belvedere Austrian since , annexed a  new beginning .
Husslein-Arco doctora in history the art with a considerable career between other  things patinadora artistic on ice  the  his youth more later  in Sotheby  the museum Guggenheim and extraordinary fundadora of museum the art modern  of Salzburgo completed the reforms with  the insistence the political and protectors  the are monuments proporcionó funds public and patrocinadores private and  set  their use .
To exception of art contemporary  was deviant the  works of escultor Fritz Wotruba the  to foundation homónima should have a cafeteria and a librería and addition built a building the offices .
Audit narrower budget under .
Krischanitz was the best election for that .
not only because reformó  the  meant  sensitive  the secesión the Joseph Olbrichs in Vienna  this amplió and is he adjudicó is Contest  whether not because estudió of Schwanzwer  the  to University Technical the Vienna and the flag was to him a &apos; place important and massive &apos; in  the that contemplaba &apos; almost all the purposes of week  &apos; the planned .
Conocía the project and the  problem of building  the unification with their low-cost to Vienna  the  his change the techniques with generosity and easily .
In the reforms current there large  problems the of  was &apos;  a devorador the energy &apos; said Krischanitz .
They changed the  profile of the windows the  to  disturbing  the  glass is instaló  a glass aislante reinforced  with  flax  the glass and is remplazó  the ceiling the  glass for a glass of safety special .
The bridges térmicos and the vigas the steel is reforzaron or remplazaron and the ceilings the amianto are rehabilitaron .
Two vaults is emplearon  to  the new use  a panel of light cancer between  the house and the streets underground  the iluminación one bridge serves to  take the building almost new but still the flag of Schwanzer .
cells the doors external original the  house is pintada  in  subscribe  ancient caoba and protegida  against the oxidación .
And the clear a cinema is exactly as  was before .
And everything that with a control strict by part the  of office the monuments and a lower budget .
&apos; To often had to find material  that  would good cheap and also reminiscences to the office of protection the monuments &apos; claims Krischanitz and  means  the  for soil áspero in  the sótano .
To despite the all the pressure problems and reforms  the building is keeps flexible and plain .
applies the flag &apos; that  wine  the Brussels &apos; has  been difficult introduced ago little Krischanitz  a typical &apos; emergence accidental in the history of the city &apos; .
A architecture case is &apos;  always in  the place wrong &apos; and for this wanted &apos; emphasise the awareness  appropriate &apos; .
In this case the  house not is in  the place wrong  the about  a coup the fortunately urbanístico The completely new and planeado &apos; chemists the  to considered central &apos; with housing and offices  is  position along  the Schweizer Garten .
And stand increasingly surprise another coup of fate  a  house could receiving  a Strengthening the other construction  the Krischanitz therefore the coleccionista Francesca von Habsburg has purchased  the clear a art temporary berlinesa and as is re-entry  one  with  the city on a place neighbour  in  the Schweizer Garten .
Deutsche Bahn planea a package the crisis the winter that exists  the billion .
The company  has ideado  a plan to crisis  the evitaría rules averías  of the trains in  winter .
must doblarse the number of staff .
applies to costs million .
In the fight against the averías and delays  the are trains third-party for  the winter Deutsche Bahn is that Malawi  the  this year more  the millions of euros according  a featured periodístico .
The newspaper &apos; Bild &apos; reported adduced a plan to crisis  internal the  group of the investment possibility until  of a total of around the millions of euros .
For what is being must achieving  a better availability  the are vehicles and the  in  network railway still with a time extreme .
Among other  things are planifica doblar the employees internal and particular  the jobs for absolutely the snow of the tracks and the are andenes .
The objective  is cleared  the andenes the snow and  ice  for  the functioning and the for cent  the to  overtime  necessary to  the functioning in  the term of four the five hours .
ago two months Rüdiger Grube president of Deutsche Bahn avisó the averías and delays  the are trains  also during this winter after  a summit with  the government and the industry .
The winter past Deutsche Bahn suffered considerable problems in  the transport the travellers  already is between other  things him faltaron reserves foremost conditions meteorológicas inauspicious .
Many trains regional new . years waiting  a authorisation of the office  federal railway .
Moreover there a delay in the handing of the trains of high-speed speed .
Deutsche Bahn works since  years the whether the central the are trains  the claimed speed with often the  to workshop  then the to a train the claimed speed sufriera  the rotura the  for gravity  the  of station central  the Cologne .
The Deutsche Bank paid fines millonarias in the euro .
After of tumulto about  the president Josef Ackerman permeating a  new problem the  are euro  the Deutsche  Bank must  pay there is fine millonaria .
As if the  problems not surely enough to the Deutche  Bank his past the are euro  church the giant of sector the Institute the Frankfurt  tune million of dollars 106 million of euros the  for agreement for put  all  to the campaign debidas to the collapse of five large amended the credit during the crisis financial .
They talking to the sale of titles hipotecarios .
The Charges the markets financial NCUA recrimina to many great banks inducir  to the amended the credit with wishful  promises  to buy products financial  have minimizado the risks .
non-euro titles lost their value during  the crisis financial and  affairs  to the banks to the local .
&apos; We satisfied the power skins  the  issue without that the parties Rather to perform the are courts &apos; said a spokesman the Deutsche  Bank in  New York .
The bank not accepts none fault  with  the agreement .
This also  is applies to Citigroup  the sitting a payment of millions the dollars .
Debbie Matz president of the NCUA  legalising  the deferencia the both institutions financial .
The National Credit dimension Drug NCUA is responsible  the to  amended  the credit the are euro and giving support the  case of bankruptcy for  protect the investment in customers .
The NCUA staying reintegrar the losses of millions originadas .
The agreements currently closed  are his  first type .
The regulator also had asked accounts to  other large banks and in summer entablado pleitos against JPMorgan Chase the gigantic  Bank European Scotland and Goldman Sachs .
In the issue of the dubious whole hipotecarios are trying  to the naked  values respaldados for  struggling .
These is based  in appropriations housing .
When the  enjoying buildings the are euro estalló in , subsequently to the perdición  to a entities financial .
In September the  in  the point álgido  of the crisis financial , the bank of investment US Lehman Brothers is collapsed .
Although the  results sucedieron ago some years currently sopla a  wind complicated for the banks American .
The investors and the inspection have entablado incontables processes for receiving compensation or sancionar untruths .
The Agency Federal the Financiamiento the Vivienda FHFA in  their ETS in  English  the forthcoming the main amount of demands .
Reprocha to the large banks international  the to  two agencies hipotecarias state American Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac is around tapped the business of the mortgages in  a volume of approximately thousand million of dollars .
also the Deutsche  Bank has a  demand  the  to FHFA being about  the business for value  the thousand million of dollars the  year the . .
The inspection requires that  the Institute the Frankfurt  answer  the  &apos; rules losses substantial &apos; without reappointed a figure accurate .
The Deutsche Bank rejected the debts as  allegations and explained  the  wants defending .
Warren Buffett helps with thousand million to IBM .
The gurú the to  finance Buffett Swedes with strength  the  of company  the technologies of the economy IBM .
Since March has distinct actions by  a value of more the ten thousand million of dollars .
far now the great investor American Warren Buffett always has declared not invest  to companies the money nor technologies the  in economy already is the prospects of development the long term of the companies are negative .
But has read  to report commercial  the IBM and changed  their opinion on invest  the  of sector .
Debió understand a before the IBM provides on all services and procura systems the money for the departments of technologies the  in economy the other companies .
In the world financial  is investment  the Warren Buffett is viewed  as a honour .
For what therefore is primitiva  the  cut the  to economy be unfair &apos; Sir IBM &apos; .
Buffett desveló currently in the substantive the economy CNBC  is that distinct actions the IBM for a value of thousands the billion of dollars since March .
Their Berkshire Hathaway the investment has ascendido to this is a  of the elderly accionistas the IBM with a participation of for cent .
Buffett said that IBM  not learned so far nothing  of compromise .
Elogió to the direction to  is occupied  the are benefits cases in  the crisis economic .
&apos; They fact a  work genial &apos; stated Buffett on the strategy .
IBM set since ago somewhere time the services in technologies the  in economy lucrativos as the functioning of centres the calculation .
The old pioneering computer the most of years also provides software and advice it as communicate teams for businesses .
Buffett blackout the companies in technology until the date .
She that only invertía  in companies  whose business entendiera .
For the contrary Buffett availed the opportunity to a train the goods in  a manufacturer the lubricantes or a engineering electronics .
Their Berkshire Hathaway owns closely the or  subsidiaries were it as part the whole a series of great maximize as Coca-Cola or Munich Re vis Münchener Rück .
Buffett the  years is did office  the  in  small company textile Berkshire Hathaway in the and with ethnicity  investments the amplió  until suppression the  to  the rules companies more predicting  of world .
not however his lifestyle the life is humble .
For that is a ídolo for countless investors the all  the world .
Their quickly and infalible sense to earn money him has guidelines  the nickname of &apos; oráculo the Omaha &apos; .
After the compromising the investment in Buffett the  actions of IBM  the expansion subieron a one for cent .
&apos; The .Latin blue &apos; as  is knows to IBM has a value in exchange the most of thousand millions of dollars and Through together with Apple and ones  between the companies in technology more predicting  of world .
With Microsoft stated Buffett not it cooperate .
Philips his founder is a friend intimate .
The threat is concrete .
After the discovery of &apos; the cell a Zwickau  &apos; the  media the communication Turks dudan of state the right German .
A newspaper talks the  to &apos;  ideology bloody &apos; that again  is reavivarse .
The Mullah the eight small employers noticed and Greeks  between the  years and have a background the  of  extreme right-wing .
In Turkey and in the population German  of  origin Turkish  is that reacted  with  fear and concern  foremost this  of .
For many  Germans  of  origin Turkish Croats a fantasma  that is creía dead  ago time from the attacks with  working the fires in Mölln  the November the and in Solingen  the May the , not had happened more episodes  of violence with  Repression  the extreme right-wing against Turks .
not however never  is that questioned  the  in Germany bigger xenophobia .
The network ultraderechista republicans reveals a magnitude whose dimensions not  were not a least previsibles .
&apos; Vuelve to reavivarse  the strategy bloody &apos; titula the edition for Internet  the newspaper Turkish &apos; Haberturk &apos; .
The newspaper &apos; Sabah &apos; resalta for  the contrary to one the are authors  the crime was a ruined the  to  Office Federal the protection of the constitution and is shows Belgian for the rules authorities German can be involved  in the pantanal ultraderechista .
The community Turkish in Germany reaccionó with sensatez the  end of week reminded  to the victims of the violence racist with a vigilia  foremost the Puerta the Brandenburgo .
Two weeks before the community Turkish in Berlin together with the political Germans and Turks reflexionaron in  a act formal of fifty anniversary of agreement turco-alemán .
The coexistence is clear the scene with the colours as a history with end happy .
The information arrived  to  some media Turks as a bofetada  &apos; The gift German for  the fifty  anniversary &apos; says the title of a Article in the platform Turkish  the Internet &apos; sheet X &apos; Channel the  background of the chain of Mullah .
The emission German &apos; Hürriyet &apos; either emphasises in  my this connection mental .
&apos; starts to nostrils bad &apos; says the title of the process of Ahmet Külahci .
Resalta that the murdered  were  people  the pagaban their taxes and they  a  important contribution to their work to the reconstruction of Germany .
In the stages of Internet  the  Germans the procedencia Turkish the behaviour of the police and their post-Gaddafi success in the búsquedas are discussing very self-criticism .
The authors is asombran  the that the authorities German not Europe buscado much before suspected the  of  purpose the  of ultraderecha .
hinted is shows  far less grandiloquent in is the drásticos media &apos; To onwards the now here  been lose to the immigrants not  you is more  the  to self-defence and the arsenal &apos; .
&apos; This be to better autoprotección &apos; .
&apos; The peace internal  the Germany depends hotly the  to  quality  the  of  expectations and the  in  adequacy the  to penalty the whole of network  &apos; , says &apos; Selen &apos; .
applies to mean  the if the peace internal  the Germany moment the  danger the attacks the Mölln and Solingen  is aclararán  in  nineties years .
The image of the ruins of fire the Solingen are the incident in the bait  new and Turkish .
No another basin daring more clearly  to the Turks that sub-Saharan here to is a threat concrete and to the Germans that  the union and the distance can desembocar  in the violence .
The attacks agudizan  the sense of group the  of  part Turkish .
not repeat  the  errors of last .
In the press Turkish  is reputed  then mainly  the fault of the political German after the attacks Helmut Kohl is  denies to  visit the are practical  the Mölln .
After the terrorist with  working the fire the Solingen sent a telegrama the condolences to president Turkish and Klaus Kinkel his minister the Affairs Foreign what sustituyó the  of funeral  the Cologne Kinkel detalló in its speech what is contribute  to the tax the  Turks the Germany .
There clear how is estimated  the value of a person according to even the their  tax .
The information current  the are media Turks again to show what conducting  is  it from then the union of many Germans  of  origin Turkish in the legality of  this country .
Moreover of  effort the  to explanation wider and the  to revaloración the terrorism of  extreme right-wing in Germany  this time for lack words francas .
The bank of scandal the lago the Zurich .
The bank more arriesgado  of Europe not  is  position  the  Italy nor France  if not in Switzerland .
The UBS almost entered in bancarrota  the  to crisis financial and from then  is deslizó  the  to crisis the  in next .
Now the  think one German .
certain that Axel Max not what  in  trans-Atlantic .
After the  his are starting  the  to summit the bank  federal  the July are power  the  in comenzaría  the  for  new and almost equally  the are work President of  board administrative of great bank blessing UBS a inesperado and  lucrative step in its career .
Axel Max is  agreement publicise  commends Switzerland for their beauty and to the UBS for their newly acquired strength and leaves fall comments amables on their Future colleagues .
&apos; The bait  has achieved  a  revival &apos; .
&apos; I pleased cooperate to Kaspar Villiger and Oswald Grübel &apos; .
In September became clear  that all be completely different .
A operators financial  the  to bait  the  London blackout all the systems of safety the bank and defraudó thousand million of euros .
Oswald Grübel director general  of the bait one banker  not only known  in Switzerland had to perform .
The president of advice administrative  the  to bait being viewed since then equally tocado and all filed you will at Axel Max .
They through the sources left  advise  to bank since  February  the . .
And is over office the  in  presidency  the council administrative  in May no  is principles  the , as the bank comunicó the Tuesday .
This is hard  to Axel Max .
not is banker  more well professor  of  economy and consejero and has been a period of adaptation surely necessary .
Indeed coup is ago responsible  the  to strategy  the  for bank  the  huge a again to prove  the real the title &apos; the main bank of scandal the Europe &apos; since ago time .
For a part of bait  a huge until ago little  was the main administrator the  property world and for other hand since  ago years  is desliza  the  for scandal the as .
Nothing case this  that  is he ahorra the change  very  proud bank blessing .
believing the crisis financial .
The bait had a reputation  excellent until . .
The image of administrator  the  property blessing discreto and hardest  but also mañoso been combinó with objectives ambitious also wanted  be a great number the are banks  the investment .
For a part of 500 the dollars  the bait managed more money the customers  wealthiest  the  kind other bank the world .
And for other hand avanzó as bank  the investment in the league of the large banks the world .
This impresiona .
Hans Geiger the former banker and  pack professor of banca  the Zurich during many  years explains &apos; Faced my students always  have described to the bait as  model  the  for  good bank &apos; .
&apos; Since the point of view current one  is question you to could equivocarme &apos; .
was in a great mistake .
In the  year went to the light that something went very bad in the bait .
To middle the  year Peter Wuffli director general  the until then was  considered as a banker genial and very intelligent resigned surprisingly .
Some months later is sospechó  the right .
The fund the investment of bank being embarcó in losses with titles  the high risk and had  that amortizar thousands  of millions .
For shoulder with this  is bait announced a inyección the capital of nothing less to  the thousand million of FRF .
For this reconstruct investors course  that some miraran  of contempt until little before  a fund state-based Asian and opaco  the Singapore and a fund state-based Arab so discreto  that never  is in heard  its name .
This was only the  first coup .
In April the , empeoró .
The bank had that wage  the loss of thousands the billion Marcel Ospel president of advice administrative in the  second best paid advice administrative  the Switzerland  resigned .
In October the night the  disaster in view the their  investment wrong , the UBS are reconstruct  in the crisis financial foremost the collapse and had  that  be rescatada for  the state .
The bank national compró values problem  the  of UBS for many thousands  of millions the Confederation Helvética only six thousands  of millions the FRF for a bono sensible converted prohibited the to  is convertía  in copropietaria  the bank .
whole Switzerland was affected is  stated  what dramatic  the  was this to a country small  if aloja the banks  very large .
Finally the sum of balance the  of UBS  the was most  the five times greater  the are results economic  of Switzerland see gráfica . .
&apos; not  we go  to rescue the  to UBS  &apos; said Geiger expert in banca .
To the first disaster  is joined  the second .
Few months later  the UBS capituló in  a conflict fiscal with America and is prepared ready  to limits  the  data the are customers wealthiest  the possibly consequence defraudado taxes with  aid the bank .
Moreover whereby a figure the thousands of millions the dollars reimbursed  of profits injustificados  of  these business  with a compensation for payment .
With doing  the UBS confesó more or less ought helped to  the fraud tax .
Simultáneamente lost  something that in  was since  always its capital in  the competition for customers rich the aureola the concept .
After the scandal the secret of bank blessing already not is  the same .
To this continued  is answer the president of the junta  directive and the president of advice administrative .
And the displacement of the funds to the customers .
Indeed this meant  in  are  months  the bank lost their credibility in  their two sectors central  the  to banca  the investment means the reference flawed and in the administration of goods prohibited  the aid to fraud tax .
And fair when readjust  the be  something more relaxed fair when  is my  to the UBS  readjust to do happens this desdichada  history of changing a operators  individual defraudó thousand million of euros before  the that  the bank is diera account of the something cards bad .
And is desveló  why we seen this still  not does  well with the management of risk  the  of banca  the investment .
&apos; With the  case Adoboli  is patent  the are controls  the risk have changed too  little &apos; claims Martin Janssen professor of  economy and finance  the  to  Institute Bancario the  to University  the Zurich .
The director financial  of a great bank German also is safe &apos; The problem the  of UBS  a is not dominates  the controls the risk &apos; .
For what is emerged  the idea of the caution with the that the bankers Swiss is demands since ago time  a the guardian of the elderly property the world circumstances risk too large  the change the safety of money wants quebrar to another  side of the republic sanctity .
The deposits the safety of the banks Swiss were the symbol of the reliability inquebrantable as Lindt and Sprüngli  the chocolate genuine .
The central  the  to UBS  the Zurich not Exclusion  to  the buzz of sound bank private blessing only  is a little greater .
The situation is classical .
The bank has its headquarters main the  to  streets Bahnhofstraße  of Zurich  the goes since  the station main directly the lago the Zurich enmarcado for the summits covered the snow of the mountains suizas .
Here the  buildings are ostentosos  the writing are few  a are  more salaries  of Europe .
Here is lie joyerías as Tiffany`s between business traditional Swiss as the confitería Sprüngli .
Here appropriately since ago years  the banks Swiss since  the bank national happening for  the palace the Credit Suisse until the elitarios banks private as Julius Bär .
They enters in the clear a reception the  to UBS mean  a heavy door chair .
Soon the walls are revestidas  the mármol  front is lie large sillones the leather together the logo of bank there  a great letrero for negative  the  &apos; safety &apos; .
The UBS knows what that is client search here Security .
The two  large banks Swiss  the UBS and Credit Suisse in some time have desplazado  the idea of great bank blessing or the have betrayed  as this  is president  the  for  small bank private blessing .
prefers not read his name in  the newspaper the  end and the carried  ago as all the bankers Swiss also with the business of two  large banks .
The UBS is that fact too large this mainly  in the banca the investment  where  the Continental have won ground .
There the  Swiss not resulted nothing more to say .
&apos; And is the mass during a time to the grip the are exposed &apos; .
Indeed fact the UBS machine the banca the investment  face handed its first great  benefits and then wine  the disaster chance entity financial European had lost therefore money the  to jungla the high risk as  the great bank blessing .
The October the , the  disaster was obvious .
&apos; scheme Wednesday the coalition  governing the small country the seven million decided  to greater operation the rescue in the history of their nation &apos; says the author Lukas Hässig in its book &apos; Spiegel UBS-Crash &apos; The crash the  to UBS  &apos; in Spanish . .
The politicians Kyrgyzstan until thousands  the billion of FRF or  approximately thousands  of millions the euro for save the great bank  the  of bancarrota .
How is them  certainly .
They talks with the bankers Swiss case Supposing  the  problem in  the dimension of the UBS .
In June the , two  the are  three large banks Swiss are fusionan  in  a poderoso consortium .
Surge a bank  that because  is  the merger was too large for the small Switzerland and still growing .
For what is served  to the two differing banks precursors of the UBS are complementaran  a bank wealthy but asleep  with  the  centre of the administration of goods the Zurich and a internacionalización  more poor but more strong .
Indeed suddenly the banks of investment internacionalizados arrived in function swift with a money  with  the that  could do rodar  a great bicycle financial .
There two names questions with this efficiently  the  to UBS Peter Wuffli head  of consortium  the  to UBS  the  to and Marcel Ospel , then president  the council administrative .
&apos; always thought  that Wuffli and Ospel  were a team perfect &apos; says the expert in banca Hans Geiger .
&apos; Wuffli the intellectual modest that  meant a  to  models and statistics and Ospel  the intuitivo that  he  Greece step since  the development in the bank until  the summit &apos; .
Finally Ospel is fió  the Wuffli .
And the end Wuffli cleared probably a mistake decisive &apos; Pensó that their models were a reality &apos; says Geiger .
&apos; It a  case tragic &apos; .
Trágico perhaps .
Has clear The desatino arrived before the  case .
The employees of the UBS are outlined a  of the meetings in superiors  the to the Wuffli the head of consortium  always repetía the same motto Bajar of Big  the slowly  Sachs .
The bank American was the bank of investment more poderoso  of world .
Encabezaban the  &apos; League Tables &apos; the clasificaciones that then documentaban  the success of the banks .
The UBS wanted be to the summit .
Some steps him consequently well .
In the operations the divisas and in the negotiations to actions was in this more high-level .
However the net of companies makers reacting  of highlighted  a point weak  In the business of interest international  in  the language of banca  &apos; fixed income &apos; there is compensation  enormous for the large banks .
The UBS has vacíos  the are products hipotecarios Americans .
For fill these vacíos the UBS  started a adventure  the almost  him costs his existence .
Ávidos the growth invirtieron  therefore the same bank as one  the their  funds the high risk New in  investments x02BC  in high risk .
They transformed in a machine powerful for titularizar appropriations hipotecarios Americans and venderlos  to  order manteniendo tense risks to account  own .
And also like other banks arrangement  the bajada during a time .
&apos; In summer  the  as the market estate American was in llamas  the UBS compró there &apos;  told Geiger , expert in banca .
Only large  the  euphoria  very conducting  the fall .
A workforce had to technician already is the attempt to arrange  occasion more complicated  the  that the expecting .
The jobs in the UBS are separate  in seats proyectables and are inseguros until the date .
Currently cast aimed a great bank has a  work  almost impossible .
must find  a strategy for a bank  foremost  the to all the models of worth lógicos Purely stumbling .
Geiger expert in banks has a idea stop end  the  of banca  the investment focus in  the administration of goods returning  to the roots suizas .
The bank not it  did so far still . .
But the banca the investment must decrease a  is clear currently .
The next Thursday Sergio Ermotti the new president of bank Accession his future strategy the world .
In reality only  is  thought  the  of italiano-suizo  the  years as a solution Abruzzo already is the bank the bank is separó  good  a  his  predecessor Grübel .
Practical him is payment must address the function permanent the business of the UBS comunicó the bank of Zurich the Tuesday .
Ermotti wants restore to bank  the investment to their state to middle  the are nineties .
Suprime jobs .
But this  not enough .
The UBS needs a  vision .
Who is .
With what it win money .
These are the questions to safe is ago Axel Max currently .
far  the moment only says  that those buscará  a housing with their woman in Zurich .
The next year .
The afraid  to  the recession in Europe overvalued on the expansion US .
The recession spelling in Europe  the  thus fear to the investors American in  the start of the week .
The changes the government in Athens and Rome they  without force .
The production industrial frenada in  the continent sofoca the hopes of estabilizar  the  his origin  a crisis exacerbated  by  the historic .
Could not dollar  the alivio general on the changes in government the Rome and Athens .
The euro fell cope to dollar .
The week Last  the  glass Italian and Greek  is that seen  half full not half  have  but now the  problems commuters  to happen the  for first level said Mark Luschini the Janney Montgomery Scott .
Faced everything the assets  financial bookshop in the list of sales .
The index Dow Jones the are  values  standard closed  with  a low of for cent the points .
In the session the barómetro of market oscila between and  points .
The index S &amp; P closed  with  points a low the  for by cent .
The index Nasdaq of the expansion technological lost the  for cent and  progress  the market with points .
In Frankfurt the rate Dax is running to a low of for cent the points .
The industry the are countries euro  the small clearly his production and is placed  in  the end of their booming .
The companies did in September  the two for cent less to  the month previous as  Equally  the office of impracticable  the Eurostat .
applies to working scepticism between the investors American &apos; not are  a island if not hugely &apos; said Steve Goldman the slowly Management .
Europe not  is be free very quickly to a recession addition there more signs  the over the banks .
Warren Buffett the myth of the investment only confirmed this caution still not is clear  whether Europe  it  that enough  strong to  do everything  that necessary is put  end the  of crisis stated in a interview for the CNBC .
For that since its point of view is too early for invest  the decline state or banks Europeans .
In place in this arroja  for the wind a 1950s the Old principles and enter  in  the sector technological US .
Their investment of more the ten thousand million of dollars the IBM supports the prices of the actions of traditional consortium and the ago cotizar against the trend in  the market the principle hardly a  percentage  more high-level .
The value closed almost  without amendments the dollars .
After some indications Buffett cost dollars  of average for each unit and remained  the  for cent .
The prices  of the actions of their company the investment Berkshire Hathaway lost the  for cent .
The titles the participation of Bank European copper is fortalecieron  a  with  the for cent  the  of market .
The house sells almost all the rest of their cautiously the  China Construction Bank and is embolsa  why this thousands  of millions the dollars .
The institute wants strengthen mainly their quota the capital with  the benefits neta of worth and with that honour  with the requirements regulatory .
The constructora the aircraft Boeing rate their earnings and with that write the losses in Dow .
The action is alzó  a for cent  after the that  the consortium cobrara the main bookshop the  his history .
Airline Emirates Great the Friday aircraft the long distance the type and the value of asked  being cifró in thousands the billion of dollars .
Incluyendo the options in machines more the size 27 to thousands  the billion of dollars .
In the expansion of New York approximately thousand million of actions cambiaron  of flat .
values statistic 2281 fell and refused  without changes .
The Nasdaq cerro with volumes  the sale of thousand millions 630 actions to  the alza 1.913 to the lowest and without amendments .
Grajos smart is extienden  in the cities .
In many places the grajos are considered &apos; birds problem &apos;  not  is Privatization to  these inteligentísimos animals  the to cities during a time claim the experts .
To few them love other want librarse very quickly to  them the grajos  separatists since ago years the  of image the  of  city  but in many municipalities is pussy-footing the complaints of the neighbours for the porquería and the noise the are animals .
Although not has  appeared circumstances half against the &apos; birds problem &apos; until now .
The grajos already not published  the to cities claim the experts in  the  first symposium on grajos  the Leer Frisia Eastern .
uncertain the specialists of all the territory national Statute on possible solutions .
Buscan alternatives in the cities .
The forgers suicides the  problems of the cities to the migration of field the tense grajos protected the  not chemical  in the agriculture suffer visiblemente with the schools reciprocal traditional .
The hunting the growing edificación and the fall of trees  the are hospedan dificultan the life of the birds .
The grajos are protected .
There large colonies with more the 1970s reproductoras  in Soest Westfalia between other the  of  industrial  between other the Jever Diepholz and Achim  in Bremen it as the Leer .
uncertain in saltó the are headlines negative the  to press a controversial  project for kill  the mass to the grajos of district .
The critical  have described the hunting a are animals prohibited traps for birds and the murder with palos  as especially brutal .
&apos; Expulsándolos and ahuyentándolos  the  meant  normal not  is manages nothing &apos; manifested Werner Klöver urbanista and paisajista  the Leer .
Disparar with water the are nidos or they  are trees often be consequences not deseadas claims also Manfred Kaiser expert in  half environment the Lahr Baden-Wurtemberg .
&apos; The animals are desvían the  large colonies the fall and sacks  in other places &apos; .
Ahuyentarlos only  is imaginable  as exception  the hospitals  west  the  elderly or schools .
&apos; must live  with them already not the atrapamos &apos; .
However the household not  is soluciona  the  problem in the cities position Wolfgang Kellner Mayor the Leer .
It possible a combination  of ahuyentar  the are animals  the areas residenciales susceptible and cebos  for the double to asentarse  the other places .
&apos; Paneles Information in  place the sierras the chain &apos; Uta Maria Jürgens psicóloga and etnóloga  ago advertising  in against with  the end of the are form the are animals  the  is  way  completely different &apos; applies best is that we aguantar a no-one in the pack with aplomo &apos; .
Jürgens cofundó in Schleswig-Holstein  the circuito the education on the grajos the Ascheberger  where letreros report on the life of the smart birds .
Meanwhile therefore the project is accepted why the tourists .
Jürgens also is its own opinion on the criticism for  the noise the are birds &apos; All are forms  the communication have a to say &apos; .
The intelligence and Nicklaus  the state animals  of legendarias  the grajos not only emigrants  the resources to access to bocados esquistos if not to fabrican tools to usarlas  as resources .
Recently etólogos the  to University  the Cambridge comprobaron in four grajos until where at  the intelligence of the birds .
In a experiment the birds aprendieron with  quickly  the  activities stop fall  a stone particularly a platform for  it achieve  is larva  the polilla .
However much adiestramiento recognised  with determination the size and the way to gain have the stone for way on  the platform .
In a  second trial the astutos grajos running resolve a  complicated problem .
The researchers colocaron a small dustbin with a larva the polilla in  a cilindro  side .
The birds not  could reaching to their prey with  the no-one .
But the researchers them red  a piece of alambre .
With the that the four animals formaron  a hook with  the that pescaron  the dustbin in  the tirador of tubo .
Three the are  not grajos  what overpower the  of first attempt .
Portugal in the earlier thanks to Cristiano Ronaldo .
The bosnios and the Turks not have hopes  the  of  championship .
The favourite Portugal Croatia the Republic Czech and Ireland also employee  in the earlier . .
Portugal the Republic Czech Croatia and Ireland  the sellado in the play-offs the past notes for the earlier in Poland and Ukraine .
Guiado for  the hero triunfante Cristiano Ronaldo 8 Portugal goleó to Bosnia-Herzegovina ( ) and , after  the  of  party the ida , did the five cautiously of the earlier seguidas . .
The Czech overpower in  the party the driving the are play-offs to  the outsider Montenegro later the to the party the ida  ( 2-0 ) slave the  things clear .
Croatia not showed  to  him marcaran  in  the against Turkey Ireland managed a ethnicity  ( ) against Estonia .
Nani 24 Helder Postiga 72 , ) and Miguel Veloso 80 ) marcaron the  others goals  the  Portugal . .
The former professional  of the Bundesliga Zvjezdan Misimovic with a penalti 41 ) and the captain Emir Spahic 65 ) acortaron distances two sometimes for Bosnia .
Sena Lulic homeland a card roja 54 ) .
Bosnia Lituania to cause the Portugal in the play-offs of world the South the . .
In the Estadio room Luz  the Lisbon Portugal started to function perfect .
Ronaldo ejecutó a free direct since more  the metres  for active the  in  head  the are  points .
A Fourthly the hour  next Nani daring their rhetoric for drive since far and he  the from metres .
The bosnios that not  is lucieron  in the first average hour resulted his first clear opportunity thanks to goleador Edin Dzeko .
The former player of team the Wolfsburg  leader of English Manchester season-ticket unable a cabezazo the palo but the balón not atravesó  the online the portería 33 ) .
Jiracek acertó for the Republic Czech .
To continuation the colegiado Wolfgang Stark the Ergolding  National in  the eye of Mitch .
After the  attack to Helder Postiga in  the area of penati Bosnian decided show  to  liberty  the card amber for tirarse the soil 36 ) .
In the  hand  conflicting Stark pitó a controversial penalti after  a action the Fabio Coentrao that transformed Misimovic .
After of  side the vicecampeón European the aclaró everything with goals .
The Czech ended with the final doubt in  the minute with gol  the Petr Jiracek .
The campeón the Europe the  is  ice-hockey  why fifth increasingly consecutiva for the earlier .
The team of  size Michal Bilek with  the legionario the  to Bundesliga Gahler Kadlec Bayer Leverkusen and Tomas Pekhart 1 Groningen Nürnberg also had Fortunately and had  that  overcome  a  second the response in the stage  initial .
In the last moment the portero Petr Cech blackout with a child a possible gol  in  own door the Tomas Sivok 9 ) .
Montenegro had more possibilities with  the Huhne Stevan Jovetic and Dejan Damjanovic in action .
Damjanovic espoused in  the minute a  is  life-long  the packaging very fair in the portería the Cech .
After the plus the Czech debieron protect the larguero of portero  the reputation world  the delantero of Groningen Seoul returned to realized 50 ) .
Finally the gol  before the end nationalists  of  party .
Meanwhile therefore Turkey desaprovechó the maravilla of  football the Zagreb .
Four days later the  in  Istanbul  the  Turks not holidays  the  for the Zagreb .
Meanwhile was almost safe  to  the size national Guus Hiddink publishes leave their asiento of banquillo  the third of world the , the  Croatia  first his quarter participation in the end of the earlier .
Faced About in  the Estadio Maksimir the  Turks  almost conseguían a principle  of dream .
In the minute seven and with a chute to long distance Selcuk Inan only he touch is poste The overpower Kazim either could send the balón  inside the  to portería .
After the  second the response Croatia asumió each time more  the control .
After the  to thought Croatia not showed  to  him metieran circumstances gol .
Together to Mario Mandzukic the VfL Wolfsburg that  the  is minute  did website  the happened Perisic  to Dortmund Danijel Pranjic Bayern the Munich and Gordon Schildenfeld Eintracht Frankfurt are the legionarios the  to Bundesliga  the  to practice .
Trapattoni goes to the earlier .
In Dublin the Irish country the first participation in the earlier since the Germany .
Stephen Ward subsequently the  team of  size Giovanni Trapattoni that Eurosceptics  with  the  in  the party the ida prepared to a decision prior  is clear to the head in  the minute . .
Konstantin Vassiljev intellectuals ) empató  with  the team Vladimir .
Ireland presionó since  the beginning but should wait until the minute  when Robbie Keane the  to Angeles Galaxy had their first great opportunity . .
Since the  first time  to defence estona blackout possible goals  to  advantage .
But in  the minute what surprised .
After a defence of portero Pavel Londak Spiegelu'\u2019. Ward and chutó  the balón  to  through  the  to  line wear to . .
A woman severely apology the caerse the  for tranvía .
A woman a  years is position severely apology the caerse the Monday the  for tranvía  the Lichtenberg Berlin .
Conventionu'\u2019s that  be operada  in  a hospital as comunicó  the police the Tuesday .
The tranvía had to stop the function kind in Herzbergallee already is a vehicles is information  the coup face to him .
The car cell and in this went  for  the driver .
The others ocupantes  of tranvía not entirely injured .
A man arm atraca a farmacia in Friedenau .
The Tuesday for the late a man arm atracó a farmacia in Bundesallee  the Friedenau Berlin .
Amenazó to a empleada the  years with a weapon the ceasefire and you Longwy  that you entregara  the  money in metálico  such reported  is police .
After entregarle the cash with the total the ethnicity Pamuk without  a identified  with their botín the  to amount unknown .
The asaltados not build-up more  is the massive susto .
A driver Rolex severely injured .
A driver Rolex of  years  the result severely injured  to  first hours of the morning of Tuesday  the Märkischen Alle in Marzahn Berlin .
Quiso avoid to suddenly a  across the circulaba for the streets of a gasolinera with a trailer joined .
For what is only a patinazo with their vehicles arrived to the Strip  central and the carril contrary and dealing  against several trees .
The saddened the  years had to  be admitted  in  the hospital .
The camionero the  years not occasion injured .
A cyclist atropellada and severely  apology .
A cyclist the  years  was atropellada for a car and loss severely apology the Monday in Mitte Berlin .
Quiso cross with their bicycle for the path in  the cruce the pedestrian between the streets Karl-Liebknecht-Straße and Alexanderstraße  as comunicó  the police the Tuesday .
was arrastrada for a driver of  years  the cell with their vehicles .
The woman was fell and severely  apology received treatment the  for hospital .
In the leaving one ethnicity  of cars being becomes in driver kamikaze .
A man is bringing  in road the night with a car stolen  in Charlottenburg .
At girar dealing against  a car aparcado  in total theme to  two cars more and three bicycles .
The police emprendió  the persecution .
The author of crime Pamuk to all speed  for  the Motorway .
In sense contrary .
Rozó a tablón the concrete and  lost parties the  his option .
The car is information and the man &apos;You to  ordinary  their leaving .
A peatona disparada with a escopeta the  air comprimido since a balcón .
A peatona was disparada with a escopeta the  air comprimido since a balcón in Schwedt .
The Sunday the woman a  years caminaba closely the  his housing when was disparada for the backs as reported  the police .
Conventionu'\u2019s that  be ingresada  in  the hospital with a sticking-plaster open .
To continuation the police localizó four suspected of the that  a young the  years is  like  the accused main .
According a spokesman the  to police do  exists relationship between the woman and the accused .
A young  the  years severely injured in a accident the road .
A driver occasion severely injured in a collision with a container  that  Annapolis  the sense therefore in  the district the Potsdam-Mittelmark .
The young  the  years is went  the  to road  to their furgoneta for causes the until the moment and patinó until a fence protective the Monday for the morning in a road federal together to Wiesenburg  as comunicó  the police .
For the  strength of a the car patinó until the carril contrary and there colisionó  with  the railways .
The fire-fighters resulted that cash  the young to years the his option .
A Hawk the  museum what subsequently  is a hospital .
Incendio in  a cinema the Alexanderplatz .
The night the Monday had place a fire in  the cinema Cubix in Alexanderplatz .
Little later the average night approximately About the  to  session  the night resulted  that leave  the cinema the  to  streets Rathausstraße as comunicó  the police .
not was circumstances injured .
After subsequent investigations is it  that is fire  the  for  area aimed  to the components purchase was due to a defect technical .
At same time is was  the light and  emerged  a  nostrils smoke .
A woman severely apology in  a attempt to theft  the bolso .
A woman occasion severely apology in  a attempt to theft  the bolso in Niedergörsdorf  the  of district the Teltow-Fläming .
The author of crime encapuchado sorprendió to the woman the Friday in  a parking  foremost a trade and you agarró his bolso as reported  the police .
As the victim debate resistance the  theme in the hands and in the head with a palo .
Finally Pamuk without the botín .
The woman was ingresada severely apology in  a hospital .
Visitantes to a graveyard stolen the  responsibilities tumbas .
In the weeks past people elderly  have president to  be stolen  the  for  graveyard  the Fürstenwalde .
A total  the twelve seas  have happened been middle  the October between other robbery  the bolsos money mobile  cards the credit and manojos  the keys as comunicó  the police .
The victims  are mainly women of age older  the cuidaban rules tumbas  of their family .
Aparcaban their bicycles or andadores  with the items the value in the animals .
The past Friday had place the last theft  of a amount of money  the needy to more the one EUR .
Six pintores the graffitis detainees .
The police clamped  to six pintores  the graffitis .
The six young  were detainees  the Sunday in Marzahn  such comunicó the police .
The adults of between and years pintaron  a  recall the train in Hohenschönhausener-Grenzgraben .
Subieron the  carry to a escalera and tore  a glass .
A baton avisó to the police .
In As the officials civilians appeared the authors of crime huyeron .
But were detainees little later in a stopover in Landsberger Allee .
A man in wheelchair the wheelchair arrastrado for a car and severely injured .
A man in wheelchair the wheelchair  occasion severely injured the cross a street the Schwedt .
The Saturday the man  wanted cross  a street for a step in pedestrian and not was seen for  a conductora as reported  the police .
The vehicles arrastró the man to  is fell  in the streets and hirió  in the head .
Conventionu'\u2019s that receiving treatment in  a hospital .
A child the seven years atropellado and injured  in Wedding .
A child the seven years was atropellado for a car and loss severely injured the Monday for the late in the streets Tegeler Straße in Wedding Berlin .
Llegó to a hospital with injured  the  in ambitions and in the pierna as reported  the police the Monday .
The child was atropellado  the suddenly in the streets for a car reading for a woman of  years .
This not am tenaciously his vehicles before and we atropelló .
The child not was linked  the adults .
A cyclist severely injured in Kreuzberg .
A cyclist the  years  was atropellado for a car and loss severely injured  to say hour the Sunday for the late in the streets Gneisenaustraße Kreuzberg Berlin .
Llegó to a hospital with injured  the  in  head and with bad  humour as reported  the police the Monday .
still not is clear how 90s the  a  with  the option of a young the  years .
A car calcinado  in Köpenick .
A car was calcinado to  first hours of the morning of Monday  the  to  streets Dregerhoffstraße in Köpenick Berlin .
A man the  years tried apagar  to fire stated a spokesman the  to police .
not what he and the fire-fighters resulted that control  the fire .
In As the option was breadth  the  for  model former .
They supposed  to  was a fire lie without reasons politicians .
Huida of place the  for  accident  the Lichtenberg .
After a serious accident  the night of Sunday  the Lichtenberg the driver Pamuk without buffs  the  his disabled injured .
The man patinó with their container in the streets Möllendorfstraße dealing against  a poste the  to Motorway and Bolkesteinu'\u2019is  in a path as comunicó  the police .
A conductora the tranvía could stop to time and when flee  the driver .
The fire-fighters avisados resulted that cash  the  for young  the  years severely injured of vehicles destrozado and initiated  to a hospital .
The dueña of vehicles pursued subsequently that his car had  been stolen done little .
Incendio in  a sótano in Tempelhof .
The night the Sunday are quemó  a box a sótano in a house the Tempelhof .
The inquilino the this  house in Marienfelder Allee notó smoke in the escaleras and avisó  to the fire-fighters as reported  the police .
To continuation is information the  for young interested in the work of extinction .
But the suspicions not  is confirmed why  we that was project  the freedom .
Heridos in a principal the  for local  the food quick .
Two customers unexpected injured in a principal the  for local  the food quick  of Pankow the night of Sunday .
Four men of share  between and years pollution  to pelear  have two sellers of immigration on  the : in  the walk Promenade Prenzlauer as comunicó  the police .
Two young  the  years quisieron help to what is were  features and pataleados  the suddenly for  the cuarteto .
Both build-up injured in the head .
The four  aggressor people be detained  in  the immigration .
A purposeful man skinheads in station the metre and their agresor arrested .
A purposeful man socorrió to a girl acosada in the station the metre of Gesundbrunnen and  was  he .
Three matones agredieron the man of years the Saturday and you residential  to puñetazos and echaron spray the pimienta in the pack .
The trío Pamuk later .
Little later a young the  years  was arrested under suspicion as reported  the police .
A passer-by avisó to the police for  the mobile .
The officials harvests the spray the pimienta in a commissioned close  to the station the metre .
The purposeful man received treatment ambulatorio  in  a hospital .
starts to arder  a zanja in  the formal the Botschaftsviertel .
In a zanja in  the formal the Botschaftsviertel in Tiergarten being declared a fire the Saturday .
Above the : hours closely  of Schweißarbeiten  the  to  streets Tiergartenstraße are incendió material the construction as comunicó  the police .
Surgió a great cloud of  smoke  the  is chosen  see to clear from far .
The fire-fighters arrived with four units and people control  the fire with  quickly .
Faced the fire are Confession  a system of heating knock-on and cables  the aware .
Moreover the estática the  to zanja had to  be looked currently stated a spokesman the are fire-fighters .
No person occasion apology in  the fire .
During the  from  the extinction  the  streets Tiergartenstraße National doors the traffic of cars and bus .
A man the  years severely injured in a robbery .
Constructive strangers asaltaron to a man of years the Friday for the late in Mitte and we Twenty-four severely .
The man caminaba on the : hours for  the streets Martin-Opitz-Straße when was diet for three  the to  him filed  to hour  as  the police comunicó the Saturday .
To continuation the  men trialogues  to their victim the residential of suddenly the derribaron  to patadas and huyeron  with their portfolio and mobile .
The police reconstruct the man severely injured tumbado in the streets and avisaron  the doctor a urgent .
The man had to  be admitted  in  a hospital .
A father atacó  to a conductora the tranvía  first his  son .
The Friday for the late a parent Rolex insultó to a conductora the tranvía and the  theme subsequently foremost the  understanding of their child the four years .
The mercies of  years the BVG had to surely  the  to  streets Seestraße in Wedding  the  be atacada  the suddenly for a man of years as  the police reported the Saturday .
The man him only  a puñetazo in the pack  first the understanding your son .
The police clamped quickly to man Rolex the child had to  be recogido for their grandfather .
The conductora the tranvía  occasion slightly apology .
A contenedor the waste incendiado in Wedding .
The night the Saturday few strangers incendiaron a contenedor the waste in  a playground backyard the Wedding .
A neighbour notó the ceasefire on average night and when  to  two  men orange-coloured  of  dark  flee for  the wall of graveyard adyacente the  to  streets Steegerstraße as comunicó  the police .
The fire-fighters avisados preoccupied apagar quickly the fire .
A dog labrador hungry radar a hornilla incendiando a housing .
A dog hungry Enquiry possesses the fire the  to housing  the Brandenburgo Havel .
probably the firebombing saltó on the fogón  order achieve  to food  as reported  the police the Friday .
Movió the regulator and encendió  a hornilla .
They prendieron paperless on the fogón .
The housing of quarter  floor of the house of neighbourhood started to arder the Thursday for the late .
The dog died for broke  the gases the Improvements .
They have proseguido the estate for negligence guilty of fire  against the inquilina the  years to do was in the housing during the fire .
Estreno global the  &apos; Crepúsculo &apos; in Hollywood with a large stars .
Lluvia the flashes  fan histéricas brilliant stars the  &apos; Crepúsculo &apos; in  the estreno world the &apos; Amanecer &apos; thousands  of curiosos attend to the carpet teñida  the black of Crawford Nokia in are Angeles .
The parade the to  stars force several hours .
not desilusionó to the fan a  is saga  the vampiros  Robert Pattinson the actor-vampiro his rival-hombre lobo Taylor Lautner and the bella &apos; Bella &apos; Kristen Stewart signed autógrafos and posaron  with the fan .
In the fourth part Bella  is casará  why end with their great love .
SAP wants doblar its figure the employees in China .
SAP the main manufacturer the software of Europe Swedes thousands  of millions the are following years the China and it almost doblar his figure the employees in  the country .
far circularán  approximately two thousand million of dollars approximately thousand million of euros , reported the consortium a dax the Tuesday .
&apos; Conseguiremos more installations to the research and the development and contrataremos  workers &apos; avisó Philips McDermott co-presidente in a conference in Beijing .
The personal must grow  to workers currently  are . .
The figure the sucursales of  leader the market international for software  the companies are doblará  the five to ten or eleven .
far now SAP  is  us  the Beijing Shanghái Cantón Chengdú and Dalián .
Around the are most  the customers international  the SAP basic their headquarters in  the country of boom .
The plans the growth in China  the also a  important element to  the strategy for the consortium a dax .
SAP wants increase their volume of sales for  the thousand million of euros .
The past year ingresó  approximately thousands  of millions the euro .
Currently the business of suministrador  the software that employs  the  workers in all the world van that  well  as few times  in  the past .
SAP brings years Inward  in China .
&apos; Currently want broadened our activities ... &apos; mover McDermott .
&apos; Our objective  is activar  a growth lasting in China prohibited a wider training &apos; .
Masacre to level personal .
The nostrils and generous new book the Peter Englund The beauty and the pain of the battle chosen Beauty loosening the Sorrow : A history íntima onset the  of scene War World &apos; begins with a long dramatis personae of  type  the be  can  that to one is you caiga  the  soul  to the ground .
have here some accumulated of  activities Arranque suavemente this web and conviértala  in its brand pages .
survive to  fortunate very well to  these people in the narración novelística of Mr Englund and this dramatis personae work as its GPS a faro during these are moment  the are the as one  the their  men and women protecting confusing and desamparado  in the fog the  to war .
The Mr Englund is a historian and journalist Swedish .
also is the new secretary permanent of the Academy Sueca that  gives  the winner Nobel of Literatura .
applies to the writing here  is a book  little aware that describes rightly as &apos;  a  work the anti-historia &apos; .
Contiene some names widows  treaties important or budgeting battles virtually not is ambassadors elegant journalists or discussion on questions or material .
not is  therefore a book onset the  what happened explains as &apos;  a  book onset the  how happened &apos;  with onset  the  &apos;  feelings tiny experiences and states  the humour &apos; .
&apos; The beauty and the pain of the battle &apos; condemnatory the during the day of war the most or less men and women ordinarias  to two ends of the war since colegialas and botánicos  to escaladores doctors drivers the  wound and administrative .
Some the these  people are convertirán  in heroes .
Some is convertirán  in prisoners the war or the their members are recover Internees or morirán .
Their lives parpadean here  as velas votivas encendidas in a church few new is  Four to the mixture  while others are lights .
The book the Mr Englund is a Deviating the are books  the history standard .
It also a correctivo to the notion of the scene War World only was the funesta war the trincheras in  the face Western .
&apos; The beauty and the pain of the battle &apos;  was  Which  the way pushing to  through  the other teatros  the war the Alps the Balkans the face Eastern Mesopotamia Africa of This .
To the soldiers in  this book them Man above the colmenas one has  the Christmas in Egypt lower the pirámides rules sledgehammer sleeping are a  problem intratable .
giving is a book conmovedor almost since  the start .
The war inunda the lives of these people as  a disaster natural  a Mitch hurricane that apesta  the cordita .
When the ceasefire the artillery are re-entry  in  the distance and as a woman to is in house with your children you yourself quedas or huyes .
Indeed all forms Who next .
Almost nobody pastu'\u2019, what is happening not  do  you what is has  that fight this war .
&apos; Carencia the  facts &apos; noted the Mr Englund &apos; is that rellenado  with conjeturas suposiciones hopes scares ideas avoidance Bilbao of the conspiración dreams pesadillas and  rumours &apos; .
&apos; The beauty and the pain of the battle &apos; continues to individuals  as Florence Farmborough a nurse English in  the army Russian and Richard Stumpf a young marinero German the  to remains  the temperatures sea .
Their stories is the successful in its greater part of bait letters and other material already published previously .
The explanations of their lives can be aterradoras or conmovedoras  but are more vaults  of life the  of accumulation  the small  moment details stumbling of Mr Englund .
Many the  matters are close  the privaciones and the adorned with what is there .
Acerca the not the history of a colegiala new says &apos; Sucedáneos for all parties sucedáneos &apos; .
&apos; Sucedáneo the coffee parliament untrue notes the imitation vendas of role botones  of wood &apos; .
Continúa speaking the  of food sucedánea in Germany .
Describe &apos; meat benefit to onwards  the rice cocido and prensado  in  blubber the carnero and rematado  with a hueso untrue fact  the wood tobacco fact  the roots and peladuras  the  potatoes secas ; shoes with suelas  the wood &apos; .
There noted &apos; substitutes permitidos the  to  meat  the  to production  the salchichas 511 substitutes of coffee handle &apos; .
Some stories are close the honour and the value .
A American recognises his own momentum towards  the blood-letting and adds onset the  of war &apos; Sientes that later  the all this  is to what is the men are weakened and not to sit the sillones with a cigarro and a moonshine the newspaper the  to  late or a best seller and seeks  that this varnish mean civilisation and the not are  a barbaric behind the that pechera almidonada and tachonada &apos; .
In change  a Bronze British is room account of the probably morirá and the that nobody  is enterará or him importará .
&apos; A increasingly  is one is resigna  the thinking of sacrificarse  the one him like thinking  to could post-Gaddafi front of public &apos; says .
In change is horriblemente like &apos; to a condemned remains estrangulado in secret &apos; .
Others comments  are close  the  to  old Europe Girls and scrutiny  the new types of terror .
&apos; The conflict is the become  individual increasingly more in  a competition economic &apos; says the Mr Englund &apos; a war between factories &apos; .
Refleja the arrival of this  is to way  &apos;  to new think in the bestiario of young century The murderer in  mass elocuente and  convinced ideológicamente with ropas  the good hugely  that  country their fighters while is upper behind the  one escritorio &apos; .
The People is practically  the  can imprevistas there  therefore behaviour innoble as heroico .
The Mr Englund talks the are soldiers  the  nevertheless actively tonightu'\u2019s  a disease venérea the prostitutes as  way  the evade the service in  the face .
&apos; The expression more redeeming  of this is can  see the trade in Optimism gonocócico that the soldiers  buy and embadurnan  with this their genitales with the hope of end  the  of hospital  &apos; says .
&apos; enrol that are truly analysis what frotan about their eyes what to  is often five-minute place to a ceguera the  for life &apos; .
In this translation  the Swedish  benefit for Peter Graves the prosa of Mr Englund ágil but not extravagante  is perfectly adaptada to their task human .
In dozens of small scenes reflects  the function in the that  the war to &apos; stirred forces excepcionalmente incontrolables Nacionalismo extreme revolution social hatred religious &apos; .
The People starts to decision you what their leaders them  are doing combat .
The best books onset  the  of scene War World to often  have  been indirectos as a Great  War and the memory  modern  of Paul Fussell or novelas  as  However ARGO in  the face of Erich María Remarque in time the stories integrales .
The volume of Mr Englund is unite to a panteón  little conventional .
Their book has one the are end more Beside  to can remember the  one masterpiece  of  not fiction .
not what revelaré .
But is as if liked arrived since its book arrancado the between your attitudes that web  the dramatis personae and the subject planted  to a cerilla .
After a step in untrue run-up a assault planeado  the minute .
Hundreds the players in police shone involucrados some  of them cooperating helmets rough .
They checked the night of Monday the Tuesday because the volume Zuccotti excellent more gap .
The operation was remained  in secret unless for years few official the high senior fights understood to the  others to were uniéndose to a exercise .
The inspector the police Raymond W. three-yearold was in  the  centre his presence subrayaba how  the operation was plagaba  the  challenges for  the department of police .
not  could Critical the episodes of weeks  Recent as the pulverización the espray pimienta on the demonstrators infringiendo the rules of  department and extra  a storm the sympathy  public towards the &apos; okupas &apos; .
And for this  is operation  police for despejar the  volume Zuccotti  of demonstrators  being reveló later the two weeks of planning and Invariably .
The agents is consequence prepared watching as  is previously  developed the occupations in other cities .
A simulacro the  disaster  main was no place in Randalls Island with a eye towards Zuccotti .
The agents incrementaron the  so-called Invariably the commotion measures contraterroristas  to implicaban  leverage quickly to a great number of official the police for monitoring  the  of Lower Manhattan .
The final session the of  way  the  to night the Monday in  the  hand the Manhattan of  river Dundalk .
The ordenes the  take to  the volume arrived in the &apos;  last minute &apos; said someone familiarizado with the orders to  is refirieron to the mission only as &apos;  a exercise  &apos; .
&apos; To the  few polis that know  to were naked to this do they said that  was to take the  to volume Zuccotti &apos; said the person to stood  the way allegation .
&apos; The earthquakes people  the knew that assurances  the  take to  the volume Zuccotti were in the most salaries levels of  department  &apos; .
A reason for the secretiveness was a lesson aprendida for the city .
The October few agents quisieron despejar the  volume but desistieron when hundreds  the  demonstrators early before the time  after  the have  heard onset  the are plans .
The operation the Tuesday  led  to agents  the number units police including forces special  of all the district municipal tens  of agents mobile  the habitually poor inundar the areas with high rate of Within .
The Mr three-yearold said that lot people as Especially  the travel basis the  work previously state race-going and viniendo  the  volume during the day doing  of the a.m. one good hour for  possible .
&apos; was appropriate that when villages  the consumers number of people the  of volume  &apos; said .
Camiones the  to Unit  the Servicios the Emergencia with focos and altavoces  is congregaban  in  the cruce the Pike Slip with Franklin Silva Roosevelt Drive closely of bridge  the Manhattan  before the objectives .
The lights and the messages pregrabados to retumbaban since the altavoces offensive intimidated  to many demonstrators .
The agents the issues Community were the volume with  their cortavientos blue clear many demonstrators simply recogieron their  things and is were .
not  is tocó none shop until the : a.m. said the police turning time to the demonstrators to picking their pertenencias .
Other teams the players were independent reuniéndose in  the kilometres  order specific  if is needed do arrests  in  the volume .
The journalists in  the volume were Forced to abandonarlo .
Paul A4-0552 Browne the spokesman head  of Department  the Police said that was  for their security .
But many journalists said that is tried avoid to recommend the  to police take to action the  to volume and the consequence been  treaties bruscamente for the players .
The Mr Browne said that the units mobile  of television the Church Journal to what long-term the threshold western of volume people  battlefields images .
To measure to the police are movía towards the west to through  the  to densa complicated the effects personal  of the demonstrators including luggage and ‘  the waste of role and the plastic abarrotadas the  clothes equipment  of Department  the Limpieza them trialogues recogiendo what is being Heights dating .
Some demonstrators  the  is king the start were arrastrados outside apareciendo images the internet little time after .
A group central  of demonstrators three-and-a-half positions closely  of the area of kitchen the camp closely of centre the volume .
Some Those a barrier and the police entered for arrestarlos metódicamente .
In surrounding to like people the  of epicentro the camp is candaron between them for the idly .
And two people are encadenaron to trees said the Mr three-yearold .
The agents of service the emergencies were naked to cortar  the candados .
not  is at lengthy the  of volume until more or less the : a.m. said the Mr three-yearold .
The operation the despeje  National top-to-toe few minutes later said the police .
The Mr Browne said that should people were dark  the  of volume .
The greater part of the lengthy were  we &apos; breakdown of agenda public and resistance  the  to  authority  &apos; said .
The agent the most high-level senior in the scene was Joseph A4-0552 Espósito the head of  department the official higher uniformado in  the department .
Phil T. Pulaski the head of detectives the department  also was there .
The Mr three-yearold while National Minutes &apos; not permitted dirigiendo the operations &apos; said the Mr Browne .
A Secondly group of agents anticipated to what long-term the  hand eastern  the Broadway between the streets Liberty and Cedar  in  case the that  entertainment  the  take .
They alzaron barricadas in the streets Cortlandt a block the north of traffic and in the streets Pine a block the southern .
Since matters positions is known to the police deepen the kilometres even more beyond  of volume Zuccotti .
In a moment prioritised a series of agents  many  of them to shields  were independent contrary to the people towards afuera .
bombarded should people the  of kilometres  northern .
frozen the  to  action more hi-fis  of the night had place the southern of volume .
In surrounding to the a.m. the southern the  to  streets Pine a manifestante saltó on the bonnet the  for car  the police and to other is them known quitando the  air of the wheelchair a  is furgoneta  the police .
In a moment prioritised a  piece of contrachapado progress flying since  the Cities .
At final a or and a manifestante were hospitalizados .
The seconded the  workers in support demandará to the city for the redundancies .
The seconded that represents  the hundreds of workers the support school  the were their  jobs the month last planea  exceeding to the city the Wednesday grounds  that the redundancies  were plain and  fuel  because the his impact desproporcionado on the schools that atienden  the students  poor .
The demand is possibly  the final weapon to  readiness the union of district municipal , in its effort for revocar  the redundancies .
Seiscientos monopoly and two Vacancies  of the school the coordinators of parents and other employees  to were  between the worst Throughout  of the city lost their work the  of October  the  for  union  the are leaders union  have dilemma  as a venganza policy for their negative  to afford the spring Last the access for part  the  of  city  the  for fund  the assistance health  to office  the groups of work for close  their healed budgetary .
The authorities municipal  have denied categorically that prosecution .
In a  hearing in  the Ayuntamiento the month last the consejero the education Ross M. Walcott said that the redundancies  were a part of budget approved in June .
A member the Council contraatacó understood that nothing the  to  budget especificaba is the members of staff the support the  of school costsaving dismissed .
detailing the  district municipal said that have the complaint for writing advirtiendo  the Department the Education the that would demanded They 20  a conference of press the Wednesday  order announce  to presented official  the  to  demand  the  to  Court Supreme imposition in Manhattan .
The demand include to Mr Walcott and the Department the Education the  to  city  as accused and account  to eight workers dismissed as complainant all them women blackest or latinas  the Like that  the majority of the assistants that were their  jobs .
Elizabeth Greek spokesman the Department Legal the  to  city said that the city not in seen  the  demand and for  this therefore  not  could do comments on their claims reliant .
According a  draft the  of demand Resources  for too New York Times the union is the focused on the number of redundancies  the to  schools  the areas poor  of the city for support  a complaint for treatment unfair fights that the schools  poor lost more assistants  already is consequence  made insuficientemente contrary the way foretold .
They Other that if well  not was redundancies  in Staten Island and years  few redundancies in the schools in  the Upper ambassador Side or TriBeCa 17 assistants schoolchildren lost their jobs in  the improvement in Brownsville Brooklyn and were dismissed  in the Distritos and in  the South of Bronx .
Bearing in  account the loss of five the are eight assistants employees for  the College Public in Harlem  where the for cent  the are students sub-Saharan  in the poverty the  demand says &apos; This not is  a formal the parents wealthiest  the be custom funds for developing the lack budgetary &apos; .
P.D. The budget the  district is reduced  in a for cent  this year and also lost  money when the city changed  the way in the estimated is funding additional for each incorporate for student poor in the schools .
The seconded also claims  the are  directors  the schools diminish can have  been deceived for  the language in  a memorándum  that authorises  the learn the are  coordinators  the parents .
The memorándum ounces the  word &apos; surplus &apos; for unsuccessful  the action to despite  the that  said surplus &apos; describes with greater often the act of fishing the  for  past  the  to nómina  the  to school the  to expansion  the  work whose wages are paid  for the office central .
&apos; Sesenta and six  coordinators  of parents  were dismissed &apos; says the draft the  of complaint  &apos; and not only in surplus &apos; .
Misión draw the Congress prepared to reach the  for agreement on Libya .
seems to finally Republican and democrats  in  the Capitolio are ready to undertaken  the agreement on something  connected with  the embargo in  Libya .
All what is being Widespread was that the rebellion mayor success  the  of  contractor dictator Muamar the  Gaddafi  outside apprehended and murdered and the participation of States United arrived to their end .
The Tuesday the Committee the Affairs Foreign of Senate going  to considered a  resolution patrocinada for  the president John Kerry democrat for Massachusetts , together with the senadores John McCain republicano for years and Joseph I. Lieberman independent by Connecticut , aplaudiendo to the Libyans for their successful rebellion and to the troops the euro for their &apos; courage &apos; .
&apos; This resolution is to honrar the are valientes  the  Libya the  from  the reconstruction his country &apos;  said Kerry .
&apos; It a apply to support bipartidista for their aspirations democratic &apos; .
The language can apparently inofensivo but nothing on the debate on Libya  the  was  easy so far .
This summer the legislators the  two parties is peleaban between yes and with  the White on the wording of a series of resolutions for approve or reject  the role of the military the euro in the mission of the NATO in  Libya .
In June Kerry and McCain  have a resolution  to authorises the use limited  of forces military  the euro in Libya .
The project the law  was derrotado  in the Chamber for a broader margin bipartidista and the never arrived to votarse  the  of Senate .
But the same day in the project of law was rejected  in the Chamber the chamber  also it  is measure  to have recortado the funds for the operations American in  Libya .
strengthen showed the mission of US  the  to  think the  purgatory  legislative with  the Congress what enough  means as for criticise the WEU for part  the Obama the  to  mission  but not so enfadado as for the reality segar  the hierba lower their feet .
To continuation the indecisión of Congress was superada for the events .
Trípoli fell in hands the are rebels Libyans in August and  Gaddafi was murdered  the  in October .
The mission the  to NATO  better officially the  of October .
Now the Senate could be Group  to  act .
The resolution the Committee the Affairs Foreign &apos; welcomes the people of  Libya for their tremendo courage and extraordinary resistance to shake the with ourselves &apos; and &apos;  endorses to the men and women  the to Fuerzas Armadas the States  United and to their partners the  in  coalition  the partners in operations military for  protect the people of  Libya for their extraordinary courage and  professionalism &apos; .
The resolution also &apos; states the interest national  of the States  United in a successful and multi-year transition towards  the democracy in Libya &apos; .
Ganará the new measure the complete support the  of committee  the Affairs Foreign or dividirá  to the legislators as did the project of law the June .
The final version was rejected by the Senator Richard G. Lugar Indiana , the main republicano of committee .
The spokesman the Lugar said the Monday that not had seen still the original end of new project the law .
At another side of Capitolio the  Chamber goes to vote this week on a amendment constitutional demanding a budget well-balanced  a priority legislative for almost all the congresistas Republican and some democrats .
The measure patrocinada by  the republicano clocked Goodlatte republicano for community , will the first amendment constitutional on the budget or any other subject  the  of fact logre  a vote the whole of assembly the  to Chamber or the Senate in  this Congress .
Other legislators not have been successful until the moment for do reaching their amendments to the assembly but not  for lack  the compare .
The Goodlatte is only a  of the amendments constitutional  the  is the way in  this Congress  is abarcan  a wider range of subjects .
Some are duplicados  the same project the law is proposes therefore in the Chamber as the  to Senate and other  with Nowadays compensatory between yes .
There for this least versions  the  of  amendment the  balance budgetary very only in the Chamber and other handful  that  said Fucino  the  expenditure  federal &apos; .
Some the goal projects  the law also are idénticos between yes but babies the  their patrocinadores on all Republican  we that are refinar their currículums the  opportunity to jactarse  the that  work were  the &apos;  authors &apos;  of  out measure .
The Act the fullest the budget is was approved  in August requirió that  therefore  is Chamber  as the Senate members a amendment the  balance budgetary .
In March 58 senadores voted to favour  the  to  resolution do binding  that supports  the idea of this amendment .
Over beyond the budget several Member want limit to  number  the mandatos that the members of Congress  them comply while the  on representative José 672 Serrano democrat for New York , wants validity the limit the two mandatos to the chairmen .
The representative Jesse L. Jackson Jr ( democrat for Illinois  the proposed a series of amendments  the  reputable the right to a education of quality and attention health between other subjects .
A amendment  the use the marriage  homosexual is a proposal perenne case as a to use the burning the  flags .
Some legislators also want allowing  to call the to  laws federal  if they Académie for two thirds of the states .
Only enthusiasts to have  been the members to  the hour of propose amendments not  is  are  pulling to a pace  more quickly  to the  years previous .
In the Congress the legislators participating amendments and have to the . .
The pace is  unacceptable  in comparison with the  of the 1980s the when the members demands regularly more  the amendments  each  two  years , according figures proporcionadas for the Biblioteca of Senate .
But not resulted a more success then  the  that the  that have we .
The final amendment  the  is  added  the -  way countryman  in ,  but the fact was proposal for  the Congress in . .
&apos; Golpeada but not derrotada &apos; Giffords talks in its first interview in broadcasters since  the town .
Ten months later the to a pistolero him disparara to quemarropa  the  for act democracy in Tucson  the representative Gabrielle Giffords democrat for years Spiegelu'\u2019.  in the television national  the night of Monday sung accompanied  of the melodía the Broadway &apos; The sun recycle morning &apos; and said  that wanted recuperarse more the  that the wanted return to Congress .
In his appearance in ABC News &apos; / &apos; with Diane Sawyer Giffords elites for everyday prayers and  Widespread  aid for walking .
The programme documentó his difficult to the driving the are damage facing for a bullet that you fracturó  the cráneo and perforó  the  hand izquierdo  the  his brain and the step since  the face until  the part post-Gaddafi  of their heads .
ago three months returned  for surprise the  to Chamber for send  their vote triunfante  in  the agreement of ceiling  the debt .
In his first interview Television since  the town of January  the saw  to six and hirió  to Giffords sonrió , is rio and sung and described  their recovery as &apos; a &apos; .
When Sawyer him asked how  is impossible Giffords to  years respond &apos; Bastante well &apos; .
The interview with Giffords and their husband the  astronaut Mark three-yearold was part  the  for programme special  the  &apos; / &apos; the  to  hour the long-term that is intense  the eve of the publication of  new book the  to relationship  &apos; Gabby A history  the courage and expectancy &apos; .
The programme special analizaba the recovery of Giffords since  the town of the January .
In videos etched for  three-yearold  the to  first  weeks  is the eyes in its bed the  hospital with the head afeitada and a long cicatriz falls his cope .
She only  can maintain each or two attitudes erguidos while its husband the  encourages .
Meses more later  are sees to Giffords ages in a wheelchair the wheelchair  while the terapeutas  him taught how perform actions routine .
A movement of heads .
A fruncimiento the are labios .
And then his first word &apos; What &apos; .
In few days Giffords Again another word &apos; tostada &apos; a request of change the his  one-click the Breakfast .
Videos delivery for ABC keen to the music rugby a play central  in the recovery of Giffords are sees to the congresista cantando together with the terapeutas rules songs &apos; Girls Just Wanna Have Fun &apos; the Cyndi Lauper and &apos; Free Falling &apos; the Tom Petty .
In the interview with Sawyer Giffords that ago  two hours of diagnosed all the days said that not of  the day of town .
Their Before said that was leyéndole to Giffords a  Article of newspaper about  the murder of the March  when her  it information to decision you  first time onset  the are six  the had dead the  to  incident .
The pistolero suspect Jared Lee Loughner is  position arrested  in a prison  the senatorial and is still medicado  for the strength while expected trial .
&apos; Many People died &apos; him said Giffords to Sawyer .
&apos; Duro blow &apos; .
three-yearold him said  to Sawyer  the  in  a moment the  in  recovery the  his wife her said &apos; have  been derrotada &apos; .
&apos; So that  my you told &apos; la Gabby not agree been derrotada la &apos; said three-yearold .
&apos; Only Olivier  been severe .
And TV to escape the of and TV  to recuperarte and TV  to back  to more  strength  the  never &apos; .
The troops are Differences more lástima  to respect .
The event was a wined the Wall Journal that recaudó millions of dollars to the veteranos without home  the  New York .
Kid Rock sung a balada particularly the capture the understands and the loss .
In that  time several hundreds of soldiers  how aviadores and infantes  the drafted Jesús in  their jobs in around the him .
The Cities the label is clear  a foot and aplaudieron .
&apos; The men and women were considered as heroes &apos; said David Saltzman cast organised  the revenues the funds to spring .
A official military  the high senior the  to wined also known as the then president  the state Army EU-Turkey the almirante Mike Mullen shaken the  role of the troops the function different .
&apos; The deaf as a sort of child huérfano &apos; wrote the official in a e-mail electronic .
am sure of the organizers ones good intentions .
They that the ones .
But not was respect  the truth was lástima .
The tiny marcadamente contradictory Paddington the difficult relationship  to  is  that helplessness  the are military and a public US  to often distante  to  sometimes adorador .
They prodiga to the troops with praise  for their handouts .
But the alabanza  reason a price say the members of service .
The public each time more  action and if you dieran worth Especially uniformados .
&apos; not are victims  the absolute &apos; said the general the front Whatever B. MacFarland cast comandó the troops in Iraq and  early partirá towards Afghanistan .
&apos; But seems to the only function  to the some willingness  his support  is shoes the us in the role of souls desamparadas &apos; .
The subject is a subject very sensitive for the leaders military  the  not want apparently desagradecidos or in disagreement with  the public to the role .
also  is babies account of the ira to the that is enfrentaron the troops to el  the are  past years of the war in Vietnam was a worse .
As result the majority of the discussions on the lástima are . to all  the silence and in private  between the veteranos the war .
After the that their two  children el  of combat to the Infantería the  Marina the  negotiating withdrawn Mark Cancian them warned  to the  in people apart  of the military New his service since two prospects .
Some them mirarían  to a step in fear due  to the are enfrentaron to the insurgents and dispatching  the places exóticos .
Other is preguntarían  whether would a &apos;  contractor enojado and violence below  the  to  surface  &apos; said Cancian  that goal  the Iraq and returned  to a work the high level of government the Washington .
During his search  of employment said felt  that some entrevistadores him previously  which sutilmente  if would capable  of aguantar lower  the pressure the  for allows work the Washington  immediately after the his entire the combat .
&apos; When hablas onset the your service necesitas do cope to the tiny negative &apos; reminded Cancian contándoselo to their children .
Surge the  what military the part of the fighters US towards the wars .
The achievements in  the field of battle  the rarely time elected  to the alabanza for part  the  for  country  the is little familiaridad with the military and sees  are profits direct  of the wars the Iraq and Afghanistan .
&apos; We as nation already not value  the heroísmo military  the  can that were the all common the  in second War World &apos; said the sincere general withdrawn David Barno cast comandó the troops the euro in Afghanistan .
In change the praise of the political and the public is Generally  in great measure  in the depth of  suffering the  for  member the service .
The troops are recognised  by  the number of giras  the have soportado  the number of friends  the have  lost or the scope of their injury .
The army afronta  a growing pressure to overcome  with the violation .
This week a hearing historic decide whether women and men have a  case against the army for their hypothetical passivity foremost  the violation .
If not hundreds  the appropriate is are organising  to the next .
The Bronze the first Elizabeth Lyman had  been and weeks  the pregnancy  the night in the that her says that was subsequently for a friend .
was October  the and is respected  the  return to their Guardia in the Base Force Miramar the north of St Diego , later the  in dinner with a friend when  was reconstruct to a colleague that was a package the latas the beer .
dear him asked  whether could.&apos; joining to her  the his fathers for taken a glass .
&apos; Sonó a signal the alarm &apos; says Lyman .
However the nativa the Texas showed to a hand their concern .
nonetheless not is . .
&apos; It the Texas &apos; says .
&apos; Long liked listened to my violates &apos; .
To the  few minutes the  take to the fathers of Lyman the man is he acercó for behind tirándola towards collapsed and violándola  so .
This week the  in  November Lyman and other  Member the staff military current and  former expect ansiosamente  a decision judiciary  in  a trial  historic  that is 20  in Arlington community  the  for if  the  demand that have interpuesta  against the exsecretario the protection Robert Philips and their facility Donald Rumsfeld fare to trial .
The demand lower-ranking  that Philips and Rumsfeld  counts in the reduction in the violation widespread between the military in violation the are  rights  constitutional  of the soldiers .
Presentada in  February for Susan Burke a lawyer of  Washington D.C. the  demand hedge understood to appropriate  but creció  to the months following 25 women and three men all them claim  to were violados or agredidos sexually for their colleagues and the  to  army Lituania to the hour of grips assertion or impart justice suitable later the to supuestas subjected .
Burke says that goes  the  for the nearest  main the army because  the  problem begins with them .
&apos; The army is a structure the top towards collapsed &apos; says .
&apos; Who are the people to are the conditions of eradicate the  culture of the represalias The high-level whose &apos; .
Burke also says  that since  February been have now in contact with her closely  to practical more many  of the speaker could be part  the future demands .
Their strategy In place in consecutively the all the appropriate in  this case abide all the eggs in a same basket  for  it goes to submit several cases of a necessary to keep the pressure .
The team of the defence for  the Department the protection encabezado for  the tax  federal Voyager MacBride has tabled  a motion for underestimating the  case .
The documents of court gulf for Newsweek detailed the strategy of defence faults essence  that the military not  be a demandados for soldiers current or former by the injury  roots in the forces armed .
For a judgment the Court  Supreme the so-called the Doctrina Feres the government federal  not is responsible for the damage sufridos for  the staff in service open .
&apos; The damage alegados  are part the service military  the are  appropriate &apos; say the documents .
The Department the protection is refused to  do comments for  this article .
The things  have changed been the  years . .
Meanwhile that the rules women still  they is  officially an serve in combat  this distinction  is only roll be  wars modern rarely increasingly have clear the that  the face .
Both in Iraq  such  in Afghanistan  the equipment the women Bronze are desempeñando  covered each time more  important particularly to reach the to women local  in areas the war .
The result between those two wars 150 women Bronze  have died and two thirds of  them in situations the combat .
It hour the that  the army also  is modernice says Burke .
She not is speak  to their fight and other three demands are in march addition the yours .
In the Tatiana the law of Yale the Clínica the Servicios Legal for Veteranos is prepared a  case against the four main academies military for fruit promote a environment misógino .
For another part the organisation without mind  the greed Vietnam Veterans European America is preserve  a  demand against the army that is focuses  in the minds of &apos; nuisance the  to facilitated  &apos; allocated to the victims of violation with  the end of them the temperatures of service -un basin common according the activists as Anu Bhagwati the  to Network  the Action the Mujeres in Service  a  group of rights human .
Their group presented a  demand  in December  against the Administration the Veteranos acusándola the practices  discriminates in the way in the bikers rules complaints  of profits for the people to say have  been agredidas  sexually in  the service .
They have tabled nine projects the law for authorised  the  to Congress you part  the  is mixture bipartidista of senadores and representatives Brazilian  a series of correcciones .
In was subjected sex denunciadas according to Office for the prevention of the Agresión Sexual and Respuesta  the Department the protection .
However the violations are administration infra denunciadas and for the Their estimates the Pentagon that figure  the or the for cent  the are  incidents ladies  that is did that year .
The report published in March also considering  the nation the prosecution in ,  a for cent  the are cases denunciados in  the army  was to trial  the half that  the  is  system  the justice civil .
The complainant in  the case of Burke describen their attacks as only the areas of a series of individuals .
In the  case of Lyman Bossi the presunta violation to  the police military least the  to  hour  then the to ocurriera .
constantly night says is he asked is contara  the details of their violation sometimes differing  to a Cities the police doctors and staff .
She is subject the  for kit  the violation and  the blood of their agresor hypocrite a party in its brazo-  was discovered  in its bed .
Six months later in April the Lyman relocation to a hearing  foremost a judge , during the opened is he asked onset  the that subject there relations sexual  with their novio the day of attack .
Six people poorly  as witnessing  the facilitated in name the alleged author  the was finally absuelto .
&apos; remember the day in the are Surján  the referendum &apos; says Lyman .
&apos; nonetheless the  was cards the area the  work -me cheer shouting since  the clear &apos; .
&apos; I reacting in the unity of psiquiatría and  when pretty remember that you told  are my official the control &apos; scheme not was their trial scheme was my trial &apos; .
To Lyman is he thirteen  visiting to a psiquiatra military  the finally  him malnourished  a nuisance the  to facilitated  what is the did not apta  to  the service .
In January the was dispensada the service under terms menos-que-honorables  what is you prevents receiving any benefit .
In As to whether the  case tabled  for Lyman and  their colleagues of  demand continues  is a possibility very people.If says John Turley professor of law the  of Tatiana  the law Orwell Washington .
However Other &apos; In my opinion Libraries  that Surely  the  continue back &apos; .
applies to is interpone between them and a  referendum is this entailed  is that was criticada since the  is published  why first time .
have  been a critical permanent  of the Doctrina Feres .
The army is decades  for behind because not has  the same incentive and deterrent  the  proposed the responsibility .
And adds &apos; The Adolescent are hotly  in against the work but it  important is always try &apos; .
These things only  editorial when the people good  is ready  to fight .
If the  hearing not going  for their road Burke immigrés the are  appropriate radioactive to the pattern to their other hundreds  of appropriate for cases Future .
&apos; Are to  continue fighting against the army in  this issue until that  the reform are occurs &apos; says .
&apos; Or until the  us muramos  what is expected First .
The walls have eyes  to the researchers you are currently in Facebook .
Before the norm in the new pack the  to extreme right-wing in Europe Anders Behring Breivik was simply another type  to aireaba their points of view anti-inmigración  the online .
The Monday Breivik cast befriended ought conducted  a 22nd in  Norway  the July that showed dead  is Baader-Meinhof to their first hearing judiciary public .
Meanwhile Breivik can have acted only was taken the be only  the  to ciberespacio bombarded past  the main part of time  the concertation to their attack face to their computer charlando with some  of the millions of nationalists  the support to the groups of right-wing  the networks social .
After the  to tragedy  the  this summer the researchers wanted know more onset  the these  people .
But So how encontrarlas .
Fácil only future  the  than in Facebook .
&apos; We brief account of the not was that difficult reaching to  them &apos; says Jamie Bartlett author main the  for report published recently on the populism digital European for  the centre of studies British DEMOS .
The alijo the information personal  the Facebook is that enciclopédico says Bartlett  that the researchers could simply use the tool of  advertising for determine their characteristics demográficas deseadas with a precise  scientific  the  meant that the imbalance have state reported during years .
The team of Bartlett reconstruct half million of  fan  the are groups  the right-wing in all Europe and then they dirigieron announcements but in place the vincularles  to a new broadband or product  the dieta the announcements invitaban to the users to get a survey that Surprised on its level educational attitudes towards the violence and the optimism on its own future .
At reaching to  through  the Facebook Bartlett and  their colleagues were Surely  the  sending  to more the followers of parties the extreme right-wing in countries Europeans everything without escape  the  to office .
&apos; It a way completely new  the do  to research  &apos; says Bartlett .
Some the are results not are the all  surprising  The supporters in line the are groups  the right-wing tend to  be young men and enfadados  for the immigration .
However in a sort of issuing  &apos; Especially that combined  his activismo in line with the activismo  outside the online are more reasonable than democratic and less violent  to came  the  is on behind  the  to  screen the computer &apos; .
The work the DEMOS is only a example of how Facebook  is becoming  in a new and important tool in hands the are scientists .
Centros the research researchers doctors and scientists political are reported  the website for observer all from problems the health to trends social stand as is consent  the are &apos;  about  like &apos; messages in the walls and regular  the state .
With more the millions of users assets agregando a average the three parts  of content the day the &apos; supernova the  data &apos;  the Facebook moment formers  a booming the  to research  pushing  the number of jobs academic  with  the name of siege  the  of title until almost  a % in the past five  years .
For some researchers  of beauty  the Facebook is that you allows observer to the people to the that not podías acercarte with a carpeta in the streets .
&apos; Before when intentabas encuestar to people the  Party  National British was very difficult identificarlos &apos; .
&apos; Tendrías that go  to via the party and them never you nearly  the access &apos; says Bartlett .
&apos; Facebook UEN everything that TV  the them  directly &apos; .
Other say that the website could providing  a function of  identify and  address  the  problems of salud-social .
A study recent conducted by the doctora Megan Moreno the  to University  the Wisconsin-Madison and  their colleagues reconstruct to the students university  the Haifa the  their hazañas the borrachera in Facebook familiar a risk significantly greater  the have problems to  the drinks that the students to  refused  the silence on the issue .
Moreno suggests that the colleagues of the students  other and the region residenciales could control the website and intervene  to  help the  for student  the doors many produce  of state with their Binge .
&apos; not portray try a  problem if  not we portray diagnosticar &apos; said Apollinaire Christakis the co-autor the Moreno and director  the Centre the Health Comportamiento and Development  the Niño in  the Institute the Research Infantil the Seattle said the Washington Post .
&apos; have met  a function of  identify  children  the risk that the other Similarly  not turn diagnosticados &apos; .
Facebook also is  constantly &apos; pinchando &apos; to their own population for obtain data .
The A-Team the Data of  website  the bill statistics  on the state of the relationship and the Day the St gold  the  expectation the participation electoral the half of period  legislative  the , and a index the Felicidad  National mainly reported  the information to the that is can  access defenders to  the freedom digital ago  a time to maintain  the  of  place should  put to readiness  the other your great amount of data for the research . .
However the users of Facebook  know that the website them  is we  them like or not the sacrificio for power play to Scrabble  have a friend to thousands  the kilometres of distance  a allowing  that  the website mine your information personal .
But what happened when the users of Facebook spend to  fortunate part of a survey that or even perhaps .
Meanwhile that the researchers have guidelines well Advocate on how picking their data outside  the online in line  a  is barra free for all .
&apos; not believe that many  the are users  around trans-Atlantic even in  the fact the that  a researchers  could be examined their profiles &apos; says Voyager Selwyn a sociologist of Laboratorio  the Conocimiento the  London on a  study of the subsequently  will carried  have the walls public  of Facebook  the students .
&apos; In what is to them precise  was only between them and their friends &apos; .
Then is the issue of the methodology .
Even outside the online not is guarantee  the that  a subject of research this remains completely honest .
In Facebook is impossible know to part the  of information the  profile of a user and the are messages the wall are truth .
&apos; applies to dices  the Facebook and we  that can outside  the Facebook are two  things completely different &apos; says Selwyn .
It for  this is to despite  the their  years as researchers  the  of technology Selwyn believes that a sujetapapeles and a bolígrafo continuing remains the best tools of research  the nobody  conclusion use .
&apos; not is substitute  to  take the  to  world real and to have the people real &apos; says .
&apos; The research social is it  that is on  this social and a lot of this social still happening outside  the online &apos; .
&apos; Frío and  inhuman Anders Behring Breivik ago his first emergence  public in  the court .
Anders Behring Breivik the man to confesó  be the brain the are two attacks  the prime to people the Norway issue summer  is the dilemma to itself same as a combatiente the  to &apos;  stress &apos; during their first emergence  public in  the court of Oslo .
&apos; am a commander military the  of  movement the  resistance Norwegian and in the Gentlemen Templarios the Norway &apos; said foremost  a clear full with people .
&apos; I opposed to court already is all  the mandate to the organisations to support the strategy of hatred and because supports the multiculturalismo &apos; .
&apos; recognise the  facts but not  me declaro guilty &apos; .
The judge Torkjel Nesheim halted to Breivik during that monólogo because  &apos; not willing give to Breivik  the  opportunity to use this hearing as a platform for the exprese their points of view &apos; .
For the same right  is refused to allow the Breivik that promoted  a was writing with  diagnosed address to the family the  their  victims the end of the hearing .
Nesheim also thirteen to the police maintain  to Breivik lower custody during weeks more him teacher  the access to the media the communication during four weeks and said  that the authorities sooner to have a strict control on all the visits and the correspondencia during eight weeks .
Approximately the  practical and family  the to  victims petition  to the hearing .
Some dressed with the hope of indifferently  the Breivik  to the eyes  other to confirm  the  is  position recluido under key .
all petition  with  the aim of important work  to conclusion .
&apos; nonetheless the seemed cold and inhuman &apos; said a superviviente the Utoya  to the substantive ​ noruega NRK .
&apos; was embarrassed but  for me was a step forward later  the  with and hear  to appear  &apos; .
Vestido with a suit dark and  shirt blue Breivik is remained calmado and  professional  to what long-term  the  to hearing and miró  to the journalists and to the practical to the eyes  when entered and  progress  the building .
To despite the  to strange notion the Breivik the  be  part  the  for  union  the &apos; resistance &apos; greater the judge determinó that not  is  a ill mental and said  that not is evidence  the that  overtaken  with cómplices .
It possible  to the some  them consuele  to the attacks of  the July  unimaginable be masterpiece  the  for extremista  the place in a group of radical .
But that not suaviza automatically the pain and the confusion that all  is nation still feel .
&apos; I like to prompt a monster but not it  that &apos;  he a family the  is  victim .
&apos; would  long more  easy  if  we prompt &apos; .
Lecciones the  to interview  delayed  the Steve Jobs is proposal  the  for  battle this week .
After the death of Steve Jobs the  of October one some  that we compararon  have Henry Ford distinguiendo the  bottle the  to technology  as the Great Inventor Moderno .
But what is the fan a Apple could find more demonstrates  in a interview to Jobs  recently redescubierta to the that is the desempolvado as advances  the  to  series  the proyecciones special in the elderly  markets this week is long meant this aspiration creativa onset the are processes commercial and flows  the  work of the products .
was without doubt a leather soñador and hippie autorreconocido but also was  a inflated meticuloso and a yonki the are diagramas  the flow a man to creía  the many basis sufrían &apos; a disease  the prevent to  consider  the  to  great idea is the for cent  the  work &#91;  but there is enormous amount of work between  is great idea and a great product &apos; .
In clocked Cringely was realised  the series of television chosen Triumph European the Nerds The triunfo the are idiotas on the albores of computer  staff , and is beside for more the  to  hour  have Jobs to a wide and rarely conversation .
In that  time had past  barely  years since the Jobs president was obliged  to leave the Apple and  already Couso reality in its new company  technology NeXT waiting the adoption popular  of Internet .
Meanwhile that  a small part of the interview the Cringely are oath-taking  in Nerds said that the original the  to interview dissolved during their transport .
was only then the  in  death the Jobs that is discovered  a copy  further in VHS  the  of Philips the director .
This material the  closing slightly reeditado is the basis of Steve Jobs The interview delayed  the minutes that at  is the cines Landmark this Wednesday and  Thursday .
For someone known for odiar the interviews in  depth Jobs here seems surprisingly ready  to just their infinite tecnológicas and  strategies commercial .
And very pensativo .
In four points different  to what long-term  the  to interview there large silencios between the questions and the answers to  the seconds  the reflexiones  where Jobs is sopesando  a  their  thoughts quest precise .
also is  moment  the are the  to perfeccionismo  the Jobs system the  of  surface  where seems impaciente due  to the questions of Cringely empujándole to  go more quickly towards the subjects or arguments  the main importance .
Filmado before the  in  was the Pixar the iPod or the iPhone there something extrañamente profético in a interview  patient when Jobs evalúa what is sees  that other companies are well and bad and provides  their own vision of future  the  of conclusion .
A thing is read assessments póstumas  the  to career  the Jobs but there something crude and inspirador  in  the Jobs that see here the soñador ansioso the threshold of the greatness .
dear has a vision of such  can and must be the  things .
not a later the explicarlo everything with detail here was and  we did .
A quickly short  the seven secuencias widows the of interview  delayed .
Above how aprendió  to wear a bn .
&apos; To what long-term  the are years  the  of  business my  always Surprised &apos; For what can things  &apos; and the answers that you babies  the way invariable  of &apos;  Oh that is only the function as is  ago &apos; .
Nobody knows for what  ago we  that ago  the are business no thinks in the things very deeply .
That is  it  that cheer .
Jobs brings the detail their efforts to simplify the accounting the Apple .
Desconcertado for the way in  is registraban  the  costs to often starting with a &apos;  cost standard &apos; that is at  the eye to good cubero and the most is line  to a &apos; finds &apos; developed a factory automatizada that aseguraba  the  could determine the  costs commercial the detail .
Above the  joke the visiting .
Jobs narra the  &apos;  cash Blue &apos; that him same built  with Steve Wozniak a recording that she  the  is people hackear cautious the  company telephone and do law the long distance free .
They has writing widely onset of recording  but the euphoria the Jobs here to proceed the cash Blue as a act the empoderamiento is contagioso .
Describe how him and Wozniak probaron the cash means  the use of a telephone public doing a so-called and  then conectándose from a network the AT &amp; T to another while creaba a bucle with the main amount of satellite possible .
&apos; right envolviendo to  things  make  the world is average dozen of times and gritabas  to  through the telephone public and readjust  a minute more later  the telephone public  the  to  door  the  to hand  &apos; says Jobs with a risita .
&apos; vintage young and we  that aprendimos  was that composure building something us ourselves  to could control thousands  of millions the dollars in  infrastructure  the all  the world &apos; .
We two not  satisfaction a but composure build  a thing small  to chosen control  to  thing .Latin was a lesson incredible and not believe that never liked Therefore Apple without her .
Jobs continues describiendo  to  joke gloriosa that him and Wozniak almost wayside llamando the traffic  to  through  the  to  cash Blue in half the  of night and regulating to  have the Pope  while at their best imitation of Henry Kissinger .
To measure to several  Member of the hierarchy Catholic were convocados  in half the  of night for speak with  the diplomatic US the two estallaron in carcajadas fair before the that  the mismísimo Pope outside reawakened for  go the answer the telephone .
Above enamorarse the  to technology and the sale for telephone with Philips Hewlett : .
To the age of years the  of  such  the  so-called the spare  order build  a contador the often  different  to Philips Hewlett in the guide telephone and you did  a so-called .
Little later the his  conversation telephone the  minutes Jobs managed a employment the summer to time part-time  in Hewlett-Packard .
&apos; That was a remarkable influence on me was the only company  the  in  seen  the that  age and formed  my  vision of this  is was  a company and we well that trataban  the  their employees &apos; .
Jobs is became  after the one of the employees of HP  the dispatching the laboratories the research the  in company  the Palo High where when &apos;  the  first computer  of table never done &apos; .
was that large  as a GDR had a small screen  the tubo catódico and me enamoré  to  him .
Conseguiría a journey until HP as adolescent and perdería  the  time to this machine and escribiría  programmes for her .
Above improvisar the innovation .
In several points of the interview Jobs talks onset the  end new products on the in .
approaching in its career already is being two-day the sell one handful  of numberplates basis him asked a client if else ravines everything the  team .
Trabajando with only days  the credit  had to physically the montaje and the handing of the equipment acabados .
Over afternoon while was in Apple reminds the  struggles to the that is Baader-Meinhof  in  the development of a ratón the computer .
&apos; I agreement  the have arguments  workersu'\u2019uprising me gritaban  that is criminals five years to create a ratón  that costaría dollars , and me harté and me  was outside and cheer  a leather .
Noventa days later had a ratón  that composure building for  dollars and the was completely reliable .
Above the  large companies losing strength .
Mucho before the that liderara  the revival of Apple Jobs proféticamente foresaw the way in the many leaders of the industry tropezarían in its vision and perderían  the control of their quota the market .
&apos; Di that trabajas  the IBM or Xerox  for this is hardly fotocopiadoras and impresoras best So and what &apos; .
You has the monopoly of the quota the market for this is the company not has more success .
The departments of sales and marketing increases the success for this is the this class  the people the to latest you  directing are  companies and the people peacekeepers  of the products are expulsadas  the forum for the decision-making the decisions .
The bottle the are products  the subsequently  will  it position  the monopoly is pudre  why fault  the people to do have the notion of good products vs abuse products of knowledge the profession necessary .
That is  it  that happened  the Xerox .
Xerox could have adueñado  the whole of industry  technology .
Could ought  been ten times his size could have been the ones to the  years ... .
Tomaron the defeat the  of victory .
Above the innovation as expression  artistic .
&apos; There a huge amount of work between  is great idea and a great product the measure that evoluciona  the great idea changing and growth &apos; .
They learns much strikes  of the sutilezas the  to same .
There handouts that him  the do number  things  that not portray do to emphasized  the electrones the glass rules ago the robots rules for the factories rules for .
&apos;You that maintain  things the your brain these concepts ajustarlos all  the  of time .
At final everything is reduces  the taste is forcing to  try exponerte to what better  is a team of human  the  fact and then treat  the taste matters  things to the that your States.&apos; doing .
artistic truthfully that the good artists copied the  large artists roban .
never have been shame onset the sale large ideas .
applies to the part did large  the Macintosh  way  the to  people  the were  working  in him were musicians poetas artists zoólogos Historians that witness  were  the best scientists computer  the world .
If not outside  for  the conclusion could be doing  things maravillosas in other camps .
Scalia and thousand cenan with the rival the  to  law  the assistance health while the court accepts  of case .
The day  the  of  ruling judgement  is Egyptian to  door closed to examine the issue politically controversial the if aceptarían  the challenge to  the law of assistance  health of president Obama two  the their magistrates Antonin Scalia and Clarence  Greek were agasajados  in a dinner patrocinada for the signing of  lawyers  the expondrá the  case  foremost  the high court .
The occasion was the past Thursday when the nine judges is countries  the  to hearing preliminary for observer blueprint the petitions of review .
One the are cases  in question was a  demand  tabled  for  states desafiando  to reform total  of the assistance health Gibraltar by  the Congress the  year last  a law  is the  been a prisoner the war to the activists conservative the all  the country .
The magistrates acordaron admit to exercise the  demand and the fact is expected  a  need historic to hours and average  for  March and the result probably enturbiará still more the career presidential  the , that summit  the plenary  changing  in  the moment in the decision of court is No .
The lawyer that comparecerá  foremost the court and alegará  the  to  law be  not desechada be probably Paul Clement cast constructive as fiscal general  the euro during the government of better W. Bush .
The signing the lawyers the Clement Bancroft PLLC was a  in the almost two dozens  of companies  the ayudaron  to patrocinar  the dinner annual  the  to  society Federalista  a  group  that has many years dedicated  to the defence of the principles legal Conservatives .
Another signing  the patrocinó the dinner Jones Day represents to a  the to  partnerships commercial  that desafió  the law is Federation National the Negocios Experts .
Another patrocinador was the giant farmacéutico Pfizer Inc , that  is a huge interest financial  in  the result of dispute .
The dinner is launched  in a hotel the Washington hours later the  in  hearing preliminary the court on the case .
Among the assistants was  between other Mitch McConnell the republicano most important in  the Senate and a Maracaibo declared the  in  law the assistance health .
The guests special in the dinner Scalia and thousand .
not is nothing new  to  two judges  have state factual to events the  in  society Federalista during years .
And not is  something  that between  in conflict with the rules ethical .
Indeed fact the judges are exentos  the Licence the Conducta that  applied the actions of the magistrates  federal ashamed .
If not what finally could say that caerían under the Licence Canon 4C that says &apos; A judge can attend to events for custom funds the organisations major  with the law and other although the judge not  be a  speaker a Vladimir the honour or record  the  of programme the perhaps event &apos; .
However the proximidad absolute  the Scalia and thousand  the two of the bufetes the lawyers in  the case it as is a company with a huge interest financial was  enough  to alarmar the are activists  the  ethics in  the government .
&apos; This impressive healed the  to ethics and fighters towards the code goes in against the rules demands  of several magistrates that  the  is court  why the same rules  that is usual the all the judges  federal &apos; said clocked Morin the president of Common Cause Causa Position . .
&apos; The judges were agasajados  in a desperate the funds to wined  have lawyers  to  have cases outstanding foremost the court &apos; .
Their emergence and assistance  the  of  revenues the funds for this event undermines any  demand  of sucrose and is unacceptable .
Scalia and thousand  the shown  little interest for the criticism that say  to mezclan too easily the activity of court with  the agenda impulsada for groups  as  the society Federalista .
And the wife of Greek Ginni is a researcher encountered conservative .
For another part the conservative argue that is the magistrada Shcharansky Kagan the that  is a  problem Ethical  not Scalia and thousand .
Kagan worked as procuradora general  the  of  administration Obama when  was some the on  challenges  legal  to the law in  the court of first ultimately .
Their critical  have preferred to the Kagan are appealing  the  with  the case fights  that was too involucrada in  defend  the law as for now  that &apos;It .
Kagan not has thus none indication of the  that demands  the do .
Boeing receives a asked record  the thousand million of dollars .
The aerolínea Emirates calls planes the twice  steps Boeing , with option the most .
Boeing also sells six planes Boeing Dreamliner to Oman Air a operation valued in more the thousand million of dollars .
Rarely increasingly is news when  a company Does a asked the units of their product .
But is a great compromise when the company is the manufacturer of aircraft Boeing Co. and the price of sale for the aircraft 27  to a record of thousand millions of dollars .
It so large  as the place in where  Boeing  received the agenda Middle agreed a mine of gold  the growth of Future  orders of aircraft .
In a  study prioritised to  fortunate the Monday the  company of  Chicago  estimated that during  the next years the airlines in Middle agreed required planes for value thousand million of dollars .
Boeing announced during  the  end of week  their asked most large  of the history for planes commercial for their value in dollars 50 jets Boing the twice  steps .
The exitoso asked wine  the  to aerolínea Emirates in Dubái .
The aerolínea also is a option for buy planes more  what to accepted the price of sale  total the thousand million of dollars announced Boeing in  the scrum Aeronáutico the Dubái . .
Then the Monday  Boeing said that Oman Air had asked six Boeing 787-8s the  so-called Dreamliner that team  the  for  saving  the fuel and years  services to  passengers spectacular .
The price the sale for six  the them is more  the thousand million of dollars .
&apos; This has  a huge effect positive for Boeing &apos; said the securities the Morningstar Neal Dihora .
&apos; The quality  of these customers in  particular a very strong &apos; .
Many audited of Middle agreed  are property  the  their  nations productoras  of oil .
For what therefore  not only have the money for pay  the aircraft but that a increase in the prices of fuel for this general harmful to the lines airlines because is one  the are elderly  costs not is that harmful because the country is gaining  money  with  the increase the price of oil .
That is important because have less Adolescent  to other the  of thought or likeness the orders of flight when the prices of fuel profit said Dihora .
&apos; They a protection natural &apos; said .
The asked the are Emiratos solidifica the  make to Boeing  the  of market the aircraft the fuselaje  wide and aid  the keep  to raya the attempt to their competitor Airbus SAS the  making his dominance with  the aeroplane the passengers A350 .
The victory the Boeing in the feria of air being produces four months later the to  Airbus stating that cards  the purpose the  debut of more large A350 that compete  directly with  the 777-300ER .
Retrasó the  debut  order add more momentum then the to the customers exigieran a increase the  in  burden useful and the senior .
The actions the Boeing Co subieron a %  until dollars .
The sister of president the Mexico the candidate derrotada in the vote in Michoacán .
Luisa María Calderón claims  to the author ayudaron to their oponente of PRI Fausto Vallejo in the contienda  order governor .
The sister of president the Calderón seems ought lost their candidacy to gobernadora  the Michoacán during the elections of violence state and her stated the Monday that the author ayudaron to confidence  the  career in favour of one the their opponents .
The results hypothetical older  the delantera in the career for governor  the state Western to Fausto Vallejo of Party Revolucionario Institucional or PRI .
&apos; The intervention the crime organised during everything the process electoral and on all yesterday  that alarming  not only for Michoacán  but  for all the country &apos;  said Luisa María Calderón in a interview the radio a  day after  the  to vote the Sunday .
&apos; Amenazaron to our candidates to our workers  election are apoderaron  the to  vote instalaron barricadas and vigil  to the people to votara  &apos; to favour the PRI .
The PRI period Mexico during seven decades until the lost  the  presidency in . .
However is the call on scene  the  for return and the victory in Michoacán  a  for step important  in that effort .
The PRI has the hope of win the elections presidential in July .
Vallejo seems ought that for little manoeuvre to the who had led the polls before the rules elections .
Calderón a candidate the Conservative Party the Action  National the  his  brother or PAN  is refused to recognise the Vallejo as the winner .
Silvano Aureoles the candidate the heart for  the  Party  bridge Democratic or PRD  the  currently  discussion the  office of governor long-term in  third place a great defeat to  the Geremek  class-divided and desafortunada  before the rules elections presidential  the . .
Aureoles also  is refused to recognise  the results hypothetical .
Vallejo exalcalde the  to  capital the state of Morelia refused strengthening to  the Democrats  and resume  to the  others candidates  to accept the results .
Michoacán has  been during a time dominated  for  cartels  the  to  drugs specialising  in marijuana heroin and metanfetaminas .
It the state home  of president the and him checked Michoacán for  launch  a adopt military Leadership against the traffickers in December the . .
However the violence has persistido .
A Mayor of PAN was murdered  a week before  the rules elections while at campaign for Luisa María Calderón and numerous candidates abandoned the candidaturas local by  afraid .
Although for  the PRI for unpleasant  the unimaginable rules elections  the Michoacán one victory help to speed the party .
The man  to  is it Valparaíso  to PRI  the to  elections presidential Casas Peña Nieto speaking since Washington felicitó to Vallejo and said &apos; believe that this victory should be very alentadora the pack the next year &apos; .
The BAsD urges to Asia the  help to rescue the  to eurozona .
The Bank declaring the Development BAsD has done a  appeal to India and to China for the is preparen  to  help the beast to the eurozona the  his crisis the debt sovereign for avoid  a recession to long term  to rushing the growth of the economies asiáticas .
Rajat Nag director general of Bank declaring the Development with headquarters  the Manila said that the two large economies the growth most quickly  of world ones  the  &apos;  do everything  that possible &apos; to speed the recovery of bloc  economic already outside the via the Fund Monetary International or directly  to through  the agreements bilateral .
Advirtió against the BRIC  Brazil Russia India China countries  that concerning the difficulties in Europe the  to meant  &apos; &apos;It &apos; and said  that the assistance financial  of Asia together with the leadership and resources Europeans ayudarían to  avoid  a crisis to long term in the economy global .
&apos; We all together in this &apos; .
&apos; So that anyone  the conclusion help to Europe the demonstrate to the crisis is useful &apos; said the Financial  Times in a interview in  the framework of stability Economic World in Bombay .
&apos; Asia can be protegida  in  certain measure but not be a direct &apos; .
&apos; So that if China and India can  help  to make for all the media &apos; .
The union monetary European is that seen severely undermined by a crisis the debt sovereign in the past months .
In the past days  the  costs of highs  the  Italy are they ring peligrosamente and the first ministers  of Italy and Greece  the dimitido .
The current crisis the  in debt sovereign in Europe  the risen the fears of the pact  If to the economy world the  of  recession and has insatiable law for the rules main economies emerging is  join  to  help the  to eurozona the find  a solution .
The Mr Nag Unusual that any support of Asia  being canalizaría the through the IMF but said  that the assistance bilateral as the purchasing the are bonds  the fund of rescue  the  to EU the Fund European the stability financial option a greater power  the negotiations for the partners  Asian  the Europe .
Anand Sharma minister Indian  of Trade said that &apos;  the India goes to  do everything  that possible &apos; to  help the  to eurozona already is its own economy now was been  the fall of the exports and the advent of the tickets the capital abroad .
&apos; Nobody wants to the eurozona  processing remains inestable and turbulenta &apos; said .
&apos; We challenges monumentales and have to keep a high level of growth &apos; .
&apos; not is  a option  is a imperativo because  where encountered employment for tens  the billion of our young men and women &apos; .
Other argue that the economies in development  and India  not have responsibility  the  help to the Europeans  rich when  was face to their own and run  problems economic .
Ashutosh Varshney professor of the University the Brown in the euro said that would politically very difficult sell  to aid the Europe  order the thousand million doscientas thousand people of the India the are obviously until million sub-Saharan  with closely  the dollars to day or less .
&apos; In somewhere moment is ending account of the Greeks are jubilan to the age of years and is van  the holiday to the beaches and that not caerá  well &apos; said .
Lee Howell director  managing of stability Economic World also  is  she  why we are reserves  the  to India being running used to keep to the numerous and well bureaucrats workers of sector  public Greek  in  jobs the  work of companies bad administradas and generadoras  the losses as the railways .
The Mr Nag said that the crisis the  in eurozona threat to &apos; important effects in  chain &apos; for all Asia .
The prognosis of Bank declaring the Development of for cent  the growth  economic in Asia order / is faces now  to the &apos; risks to  the lowest &apos; due  to the threat of Europe .
She that the vulnerable  markets emerging abolished do &apos; plans the contingencia &apos; for protect  the  to crisis and engagement  check-out  the capital of their economies .
Serios avisos of Pentagon close  to the potential cuts in defence .
The secretary of defence Ricardo Panetta calentó the Congress the Monday advirtiendo that the cuts banknote  the budget is being avecinan could  agro-industry the safety national and provoke  a response financial  in  chain since the corridors of Pentagon  the are camps  the battle the  Afghanistan  to the chains the montaje civilians .
The Pentagon already is digiriendo  the thousand million of dollars the tries  to what long-term  the  to next 1950s but now afraid  a reduction additional  of thousand millions or more  the cuts to be a catastrophe if the Congress not manages reaching to a agreement on the expenditure .
&apos; The impact the these cuts would devastating for  the department &apos; said Panetta  in a letter to the senadores John McCain republicano for years and Lindsey Graham republicano for Carolina  the South .
She that  the failure of Congress for reaching the  for agreement on the budget and their consequence the  so-called &apos; hostages &apos; Choice place to  a for cent  the tries global and a high to many projects new .
&apos; A correspondingly so large applied to this meant indiscriminada newspapers  that  the main part of our projects sonars and the construction not  is  be  enforce not  is be buy three cuartas parts  of a ship or a building and clean serious other efforts the investment &apos; wrote Panetta to the senadores .
&apos; also  we veríamos forced  to apartar the many  of our officials civilians of way involuntaria and because  is that the reduction is impondría  to such quickly  is almost safe  to solve  the licenciar civilians with  the end of honour the  aim &apos; .
&apos; These changes romperían the faith  with Especially  the exchange our army and dañarían serious  the good readiness &apos; .
The cuts with  the time alcanzarían  to the troops the combat said Panetta .
&apos; If well the funding for  times  the war in the accounts in Operaciones the contingencia in overseas no  is believe  directly affected by the hostages the efforts to the war is confirmed affected adversely by the serious disruptive in the budgets of basis  &apos; warned Panetta .
&apos; The procurement of staff are reduciría  we that check  to delays  the are  contracts and the supervision of contract  the supports the war &apos; .
&apos; The personal in nómina being reduciría its place to delays  the are payments to the suppliers in time the war and the support legal and political  a off  &apos; .
The two senadores previously writing to Panetta  ago days asking information on the possible impact  the are cuts banknote in  the Department the protection .
&apos; The consequence of a hostages in  the Department the protection inevitably  a rapid decline the are  States United as main power military the world &apos; .
&apos; We definite in against the this action draconiana &apos; said the senadores in  a communiqué  whole the late of  Monday when publicaron the letter of Panetta .
&apos; This not is  a result of the that is can live and lag  not is one  the  overall Agenda to  us ourselves &apos; .
&apos; The hostages is a threat to the interests of the safety national  of the States  United and not  is be allowing  the  earliest &apos; .
If the letter of Panetta and the latest warnings  the are senadores raised the pressure to a compromise budgetary or scrupulously the law for eximir the Pentagon the are cuts  is why see .
Panetta has  been each time more frank on the potential cuts to  despite  the that  came  the  for  work  the  in back the Pentagon with  years the experience in budgets  the  of Congress and the White and sabiendo  the  is enfrentaba to decisions  survive .
In a conference of press the week Last  the secretary of defence pintó a picture  sombre of this  is could be for front a army with  a concha but not a nucleus .
&apos; It a ship without sailors &apos; .
&apos; It a Assault without balas &apos; .
&apos; It a  obtain airline without enough information firepower &apos; .
&apos; It a tiger the role a army the cuarteles buildings and bombs  without enough soldiers image for  vote  the mission &apos; said Panetta  in  their words of openness  the  to  Pentagon .
&apos; It a rather that suffering  the lowest moral  the  preparation inadequate and not  is capable  the extra the day with  the potential adversaries &apos; .
&apos; In effect taught to the aggression &apos; .
In a apéndice to their letters to McCain and Graham Panetta enuncia new details the  how the tries &apos; generan important risks operational delay in  the time to answer the to crisis  conflicts and disasters  limited severamente our capacity the be removed and fighting advance in all the world and it  a risk unacceptable in future operations  of combat  &apos; .
And Panetta said that some  of the elderly projects the defence could manage the hacha including Especially  the for  is are probando and some only in the first stages  of the planning .
eventual list includes the aeroplane the combat F35 Joint Strike Fighter a  new bombardero scheduled the submarino balístico the new generation the new ship the combat shallow and the new vehicles of combat  the land that  the army and the Marina need replace to humvee .
Stopping the development and the tests additional the F35 could create few thousand million of dollars the  obscure  to what long-term  the  years but their supporters say that is the next step vital is improve and manage the threats potential the  China and other rival .
As detect  a  lie .
A operate to the headlines most Recent  us points Med serious and rhetoric  are the deception and the lie in the life daily .
The candidate presidential republicano Herman Cain is our intercambiando accusations the harassment  sexual with several women every part accused  of lying  the  in other .
The administrators the  to University fuel the Pennsylvania have  been accused  the perjurio for fruit conceal reports  the  Bogota that  a Ibrahimovic the  football withdrawn was agrediendo sexually  to children .
The week Last  the president French Claus Sarkozy was &apos; pillado &apos; with a microphone open been the president of US Barack Obama that  the  first minister Israeli Benjamin Netanyahu is a ethnicity .
Mentir has destroyed enjoyed and convulsionado countries .
The congresista for New York and exhibicionista  in Internet Anthony Weiner did the ourselves with their desmentidos quickly rebatidos for the test irrefutable .
The former candidate presidential John Edwards has  been accused  the regulation in  the funding of the campaign major with  the encubrimiento the  to  relationship extramatrimonial .
And the new nobody that we viviera olvidará never the circus mediático stirred for  the president Philips Clinton the  otherwise during their Secondly mandate onset the  his  relationship sexual  with Mónica Lewinsky .
Are very extendidas the to on the traps in the examinations the  to school and the university .
They have prioritised cases in the that the teachers have prioritised the answers to the examinations  to the students with  the end of a better independent  in  their assessments the performance .
Mentores that assume be enseñando  it contrary are sending  the message of the lie and tricked  are acceptable .
How deception us encountered .
In a  day anybody  the studies proposal  the you can lying  in any place of the times .
That safe many  of those Though are Though piadosas .
Another study daring  that the strangers mentían three times in the first minutes  of conocerse .
Detectar Though or &apos;  the location of Though  &apos; is a Nicklaus essential  to us acquire all  for reasons therefore personal as  professionals .
multiply the  be a game the  table similar  to you example Charada where the aim is exclamar &apos; You have &apos;  the detection of deception  a  is resources the  knowledge serious lines in data scientists gulf during the last six decades in prestigiosas universities  the post-election projects the research in depth particularly in psicología and fisiología .
One the are results  the  of research  is that the Old mitos onset the  of lie  the  and rebatidos .
The mentirosos yes watching  to the eyes .
not always tartamudean balbucean is ruborizan or inquietan .
not  is be conclude no  that the mentirosos is difficult  a detect or unmasked .
A detector the Though trained can reach to  the truth lesson onset  the  of structure the  of  declaration the expresiones microfaciales the training of questions and the day .
court several  years sondeando the descubrimientos  scientists on the deception in  the gigantic and always shining body the knowledge and was clear  the  to  detection the deception is a technical  modern  to is easy  the learn and aid  the foe for our complex world particularly  if their responsibilities professionals include  the procurement interviews or the management of negotiations .
The good mentirosos have the Nicklaus the read well  to the  others legitimate Differences to  adjust manejando their  about  emotion and sintiendo  the way intuitiva  how the league the  others .
relation for the investigations that the extrovertidos mienten more  is the introvertidos that the men say more &apos; Though geared towards yes ourselves &apos; while the rules women  say more Though &apos; geared towards the others &apos; normally for  protect  the in the someone to the people married mienten least frecuentemente to their couples to the people to do are married but the Though that  usually  mean tend to  be &apos; enormous &apos; . .
also know that if you is Medina  as a malhechor the  others are sentirán less guilty  the mentirle .
How know whether someone is mintiendo .
First variation the behaviour  become the taxed .
This is way &apos; create  a online the basis &apos; .
Aid to providing points the  reference to compartment  then the changes .
Observe the position of taxed risa and feature showed .
It best  the decision  if someone normally golpetea with  the ordinary everything the time to do accusations upon when you anywhere are feet golpeteando in half the  of meeting .
To continuation busque groups the behaviour facts verbales and not verbales .
Considere to  these groups  the behaviour as signals  the alarm not as test  the deception .
The people  the dodgy can freeze  the part higher of body the  treat the remember his history can cases their feet work  the door inclinarse towards a  is change  its position of function significantly or exhibir  a &apos; desahogo postentrevista &apos; that overstating suspiro the alivio and change  the position a time to all the questions difficult  have that .
To often the interrogadores  are see falsamente  that  the interview has that only is seek that alivio postentrevista .
also giving attention the vocabulary of taxed .
Scott Peterson metió the pata  until the fund and usó  the  time last while tenders  the  his wife murdered was viva lanzando a search  of her the level national .
The people  the dodgy  also can use  a language distanciador &apos; not had relations sexual  with this woman  is señorita Lewinsky &apos; or repeat  a question difficult accomplished .
The indicators verbales more common  the sutiles .
&apos;So can use  a lot of &apos; language restrictive &apos; when good  the  to question a &apos;  Well to say truth until  it  is my being  are my understand &apos; .
This ago that the answer make  to percepción  the place in a fact and  is to often a signal the  alert .
not is none different mágica to detect Though but develop skills for compromising the deception is possible .
These skills improve to  possibilities  the  anybody  for avoid  a victimizados for the artists of the mandatory in  their lives professionals and personal .
The controversial plan the oleoducto route after the threat of delay the euro in its adoption .
Días later the to the administration of Obama amenazara with likeness  the adoption of a oleoducto planned since Canada until the Gulf the Mexico enfureciendo to the trade while apaciguaba the are forgers  the company that search building the oleoducto says that is ready  to redirigir the project for again the encaminarlo .
TransCanada said the Monday for the night that moverá  the oleoducto planned outside  the area environmentally sensitive the Sandhills in Nebraska and responding  in the project  win  the adoption .
The company announced  the decision in  the conference of press  the  to Capitolio  the Nebraska .
The directivo the TransCanada Alex Pourbax says that the company keeps his confidence in the with  the time the oleoducto  make approved  if well  is  true  the  with a route different .
This next after  the announcement the  week Last  for part  the Department the state of the retrasarían the decision by  a permit federal for  the project until the  is estudien  new routes transmission  that eviten the case of Sandhills  the Nebraska and the acuífero Ogallala a gigantic supply of water unofficial .
&apos; This is a genuine path the progress &apos; said the representative Lee Terry republicano the Nebraska  to Fox News .
The new review environmental ordenada for  the Department the state is possible  that apart any decision until later the to  elections the next year ,  although the officials refused to the political villages envuelta in the decision .
Obama in a statement written  the  week Last described the decision as  the request of Department  the state and they expressed everything its support .
The oleoducto the kilometres are extendería since Canada until the Gulf the Mexico .
Llevaría barrels for day  the  of  province  the Alberta  to the refineries in Texas .
For doing be necessary  the cruzara six  states .
It odiado for the forgers but amado  for the groups of work  the have apostado  for the estimate the jobs the  work Sörensen  to oleoducto .
But the legislators the Nebraska opuestos the plan are sopesando  the legislation for press a alejamiento the  to  region the Sandhills and the acuífero Ogallala the main source of water drinking and the Irrigation .
The study the  impact environmental current the Department the state reconstruct  to  the project only to impactos environmental adversos quasi-monopoly but the source of the industry energy said that the inspector general  the department has in  a test independent of process the review focus  the two issues .
A is whether  the member of lobby  But for TransCanada Paul Elliot that  was advisory  the campaign of Hillary Clinton in , represents a conflict the interests to  the programme .
The another is whether  a signing  the was contratada  to address the  study  original was a choice inappropriate because was contract-related to TransCanada .
Patti LaBelle demandada for fruit provoke to a child vomitara  of afraid .
A family the  New York claims  to the diva the  to  old disco Patti LaBelle is comportó  as a loca in  the falling of their building the Manhattan aterrando to their daughter small until the point of the vomitó the  fear .
The blatantly the  to Lunes  the  &apos; Lady Marmalade &apos; asustó to Genevieve Monk the months of age therefore is suffered &apos; changes the facilitated lasting the dream &apos; and &apos; rate his fear to the strangers &apos; says his family in the Court Housel the  Manhattan .
was the  in  November  the  year last when the tramoyista Kevin Monk his wife Roseanna teacher the garden of childhood and Genevieve  is hardly  introduce to  go to a journey family .
Meanwhile Kevin Monk cogía the car Roseanna Monk nor the falling of  building the Riverside Boulevard with their luggage  responsibility to Genevieve .
Roseanna Monk said that is stopped  closely the  to  door and clear  the his  daughter in  the soil for a moment .
&apos; &apos;So is acercó  why behind and me  told  &apos; Do what is  doing your daughter la Le spotted &apos; yes la and was  to cogerla  &apos; said .
LaBelle amonestó enfadada to the woman accounts .
&apos; She in  a discern sentiment &apos; not should have allowed  to their daughter close  to the door &apos; said Roseanna Monk .
&apos; Le spotted &apos; not have circumstances interest in this is you  used or unjustified &apos; .
They infuriated and  understand  to use bad words the  word C and the word J in voice high-technology .
He a bottleneck the  water and began  to bath-water the  water to the bottleneck on me &apos; .
She that Genevieve  is clear histérica .
&apos; Le spotted to this woman &apos; hostage-taking what is you  agree fact the  my  daughter &apos; said the mother of the girl .
LaBelle is abalanzó on the mother to still sujetaba  to Genevieve and had  that  be contained for their environment and withdrawal  the  for car  the  in anticipated said Roseanna Monk .
The small was crying  very strong that vomitó Yes .
Over afternoon the family sent a note asking a excuses the LaBelle but not obtain answer .
The lawyer and the representatives of LaBelle not devolvieron the law for comment  this about .
The demand search damage not especificados but the lawyer a  is  family Sam peace.&apos; said that everyone  the  case of working 2000 and the  in  family planea donate everything the money that successful  the  to partnership  the support to the children with cancer .
&apos; The purpose  is done to Patti LaBelle responsible the  his behaviour &apos; said peace.&apos; .
&apos; scheme type  of acting  a completely  unacceptable particularly when  are aimed to a masterpiece the garden of childhood  the has the idly  to a child of months the age &apos; .
Adversidad climate frenó  the economy .
During the  first year the management of Mario Valverde Valdez in Sinaloa  the risen the unemployment and the informalidad  struggle the investment foreign and is DHS  the economy .
The is a year the will rightly  in the history economic  of Sinaloa  being about the  first year the government of Mario Valverde Valdez autodenominado of change  the resounding large expectations regard to the number in  the economy but confusion  the adversidad climate  the beginning of year not  is noticeable growth in change itself  is tragic  a deterioration in the main indicators the development economic .
The lowest temperatures the  February addition  in worried millonarias losses for  the sector agricultural constrained the chances of the economy state-based for grow causaron a contracción the  to activity economic in general the for cent  the  of first six of year  justified mainly for the historic fall the  by cent  the  of agriculture  the affecting the renewed the are  other sectors economic .
Indeed agreement the reporte the afectaciones for the frost meantime for  the Council participate to  the Development Rural Sustentable is confronted damage the thousand hectares cultivadas the to whom the by cent build-up harm total and the channels for cent had harm part-time the main crops siniestrados were the  in ban maize and garbanzo .
The fall in the activity economic  has insatiable until November a increase constant the unemployment in  the state according to Institute National the Estadística and Geografía  the rate of desocupación protecting during the three  first quarters of year being observed a growth on already  the while the January  to  March thousand sinaloenses were desocupados to a rate the  for cent  the  of Population Económicamente Survey for  the second accelerator the rate Commissioneru'\u2019s  to  be for cent and  between July and  September  the average &apos;You leads until for cent a rate  the  in  number the people arroja  to more the thousand sinaloenses unemployed  a increase regard to first six  of thousand individuals .
Menor cashflow .
The unemployment in Sinaloa during the year is multifactorial  to  the economist Gerardo Valverde finest director of the Tatiana the Sciences Económicas and drafting  the  of UAS the growth of the desocupación can explain indirectly in role the to  action  the from the political public  is the burden .
&apos; applies to is  watching  a  for growth the unemployment is has  that  see  to several those between them  the loss of sums  the  of market for effects  the  to  main  the resources for the legislation to  is market  the  of  conference for combat the laundering the  money already is the people to agarra dollars  of function polluting not you  that easy  is the long-standing the investment and the prohibit in  something &apos; expressed .
Migración arrested .
Valverde finest pointed is in  the increase in the unemployment there also a factor  demographic .
&apos; The number of people  the  are going of state the search  of work the  of abroad  the States  United is that  restricted those for the difficulties for  possible and second because teens already have also a difficulties for find work  that people  is running and is demandando sources of work here in  the state that the ago that the unemployment is Austerity &apos; manifested .
Informalidad .
The analysis of market labour sinaloense is agrava  the compromise the high level of informalidad  the satisfy between the conditions of work according  to INEGI 60.38 for cent  the  of  population  occupied in  the state authorities without be cotizando as worker foremost none institution of safety social .
Aunado the unemployment and informalidad other  the are rezagos labour of state  the are wages low  the obviously  has the remuneraciones most lowest  of Basque  the agreement to the records of Institute participate of certain Social and the Secretaría of  unemployment and Previsión social .
The questions monthly average  the are workers sinaloenses was until September 5 thousand lightweights very  for  below  the average national Center  in thousand lightweights .
Contracción the IED .
Aunado to the fall of the activity economic and the commission in  the unemployment during  is tragic  the main drop the  in Inversión Extranjera Directa the are  past years according  to Secretaría  the economy the January  to June  the  to IED state-based sumó thousand dollars what is represents  a fall the  by cent regard to the millions thousand dollars handle during the same period of year previous .
For his part of Secretaría  the Development Economic of government state-based contabiliza a investment total  the thousand million of lightweights  the  of year reaching mainly the companies of sector terciario .
The debt .
Faced the scene of contracción  economic  the government of state Full in July  the conference state-based  in adoption the  for  credit  by thousand million of lightweights ourselves to turn diabetes  the investment in projects the infrastructure in the municipalities with the intended to reactivar  the economy the adoption of conference local was for a monto the thousand million of lightweights and until November not have noted the  benefits of highs  the circumstances sector the  in  economy protecting .
Reacciones .
For representatives of sector  business the  first year the government of Mario Valverde Valdés five-minute shows the  to lack  the capacity of discharge the government .
Miguel Loredo Valverde president of the Chamber  National the  to industry the  in Transformación expressed that during  is clearly-defined  the  to aim the voluntades the are profits  sectors including the own government the state .
&apos; The risk of the economy in Sinaloa during this year has  been really very poor there is work  reality to restore the ground that miscarriages  the  this year in  the have to redoblar efforts  wilfully alinear the effort to all and on all the good march already sincronizada  the  this  new team of government to the next year make a better &apos; expressed .
Lentitud economic .
Loredo Valverde manifested that events  as the frost the  principles of year  Petrova  the economy state-based and restringieron  their lives and growth .
&apos; The under flow economic  is product  the several  events between them the frost one of the main effects  has  been a ungenerous economy  the  not room presumably what enough quickly to create a renewed economic  the enable having  a level acceptable  of  flow  the are processes products and services and for  this therefore  the end of year our closing very  for  below  the to  expectations  the had &apos; mentioned .
Redefinir vocación .
For Teodoro Salazar Uriarte president of the Confederation Patronal the  to Republic Mexicana in Sinaloa manifested that is required encausar to state work activities productive  of greater dynamism .
&apos; In terms broadly  have noted  to  is  that state  working us believe to  is necessary develop  a programme the long term in  the that is redefina  the vocación and the members economic  of state because  is  important  that is detone all  the potential of appeal material and  human  the is Sinaloa &apos; said .
unemployment for  do .
The president of the Coparmex upgrading the importance of establish  a  vision of future  the encauce best the efforts of government .
&apos; In terms broadly I but that the government has state actual for  give good results in various raw in fulfil the development economic there some  progress but it  important  is being heats a  programme to long-term term &apos; manifested .
Señaló that  the administration current  the shown number the  his  way the drive to policy public .
&apos; There elements  that Youth  mean that the government is still more incluyente I what is can say is that there work fact and that the  is government  is restrictions  the that there work  for do &apos; expressed .
applies disparities for kgs  the mariguana .
To five years of prison and days  the fine  way mid-September  a neighbour the Navolato for the office of eight 75-kilo of mariguana .
The Procuraduría General the  to Republic reported that the narcomenudista  mid-September is Omar Alexis Valenzuela Sandoval for  the crime of against the health in its similarity the office of mariguana with purposes  the trade .
Indeed agreement with  the dossier AP SIN CLN 687 M-I Valenzuela Sandoval was arrested for elements  the army Mexican  the day of the June the extension in  a operational the surveillance on  the streets Cipriano Valdez cope to poste , in  the populated The Castillo , Navolato .
The narcomenudista circulaba in a camioneta type pick up colour white where my  is  bag colour black the  to  cash the option and in  the asiento of copiloto a small bag where  the military harvests eight kilograms grammes of  marijuana .
For such reasons what asegurado became the readiness of Juez  three  the improvement and the mid-September continues internal  the  of centre the Civilian the  to  Consequences Jurídicas of Delito .
must contributions for works .
The works the nature social ) in programmes  such Hábitat Rescate the Espacios Públicos and 3x1  for plight being lie the risk of not be concluidos or the have  serious delays due  to the lack of resources economic pointed Miguel Valdés Valverde Miranda .
The director of Development social municipal pursued that if well until now the programmes in rights  the progress yes  been lie  in danger the  not have with  the government of state with the contributions to him BAMST to whom at-risk a resource higher  to the millions of lightweights  the are  three programmes .
Señaló that  the total the investment in these three programmes is the almost millions  of lightweights the are obviously  the state corresponds of for cent and the until now only the Federation and the Municipio have brought resources to the works by what  is the possible  delay  in the conclusion of these are ago present .
&apos; are almost million what is they present find and to despite  the that  the year is why abolish  not  us  the prioritised nor a fifth when since July debieron Reading a part &apos; expressed &apos; us for not retrasarnos  have started the works and van very advanced but we ago lack  the money &apos; .
Mencionó that  the year last  the  to  administration  the Jesus Aguilar Padilla the state not factors  to the contributions to them correspondían  for this is the beginning of the administration the Municipio had to theoretically a credit for right  the stronger a million that not aportó  in day occasion  the administration  state-based .
&apos; already  are happened  in the sexenio previous because the state not had the capacity economic for participate and the programmes trialogues cheer and  this year we for  power  access to these programmes had to achieve the resources to get what to reconstruct outstanding the state &apos; detalló .
Despite to the exists the compromise the to  authorities state to comply  with the handing of  these resources likened to  is  that fact  the request the Secretary-General the Administration and mint Armando Villarreal the apresurar rules demarches for the rates to them BAMST blended what before  possible .
&apos; are almost million what is they present find and to despite  the that  the year is why abolish  not  us  the prioritised nor a fifth &apos; .
Court valida &apos; back-up analógico &apos; in Mexico  the  of .
The replacement the  signs analógicas for digital  a one of the changes most  important that has suffered the world in the past years .
The Housel Court the Justice the  to Nación SCJN rejected the  controversy constitutional  the interpusieron the Senate and the Chamber the Deputies in against  the decreto presidential  the adelanta the  so-called &apos; back-up analógico &apos; the  to , the  not meet the eight votes necessary to invalidarlo .
A minority the four ministers included the president of the Court Juan Silva Meza viewed that  the president the Calderón not  is excedió  in  their atribuciones the express the decreto that annex the  actions to  continue to directed  the  transition to the television digital penetrate .
With that result the controversy constitutional promovida for  the Senate the  to Republic was desestimada for not achieve  to majority the  of eight votes for the  in  accordance is pronunciara on the constitutional or inconstitucionalidad  the decreto and  this is present .
The project the judgment bill for the Minister Olga Sánchez Cordero nominated wage inconstitucional the decreto due  to the  in  regulation the to materials  the radio and television  is a decaBDEs  absolute for law the  of Commission Federal the Telecomunicaciones Cofetel , in contravención the are principles  the subordinación jerárquica and the reserve the law .
To favour of project voted solely Zaldívar Borg Mario Pardo Margarita Moon and the own Sánchez Cordero .
With this argument  therefore the Senate as the Chamber the Deputies promovieron two  controversy constitutional for impugnar the decreto and the admit rules demands  the Minister Sánchez Cordero suspended the  implementation of decreto and the all the actions in him all for  the transition digital .
The plenary  the  ministers sovereignty underestimating also is demand interpuesta  for the Chamber the Deputies without possible  to the debate the project  also  is  office  the  in Minister Sánchez Cordero .
In his intervention the minister president said not obsolete  to the arguments of project  the  of sense the to  the director  federal not conclusion estructurar to  through  the rules broadly the measures for the  in  government public  is prepare .
&apos; Nor very  is whether  what  known  is afectaría  the  autonomy of body regulator &apos; and reminded  the  of planeación  the political public in  areas strategic as the sector of telecommunications BAMST the director  federal cast has for mandate constitutional the rectoría of state .
The replacement the  signs analógicas for digital  a one of the changes most  important that has suffered the world in the past years and is translates  in  a better aprovechamiento of spectrum  radio a better quality  of the signal and more channels .
Aplazar the change citizens  would postergar the  benefits of the digitisation that means a decision of interest public  to not is  solely  a dimension technical &apos; therefore encompasses issues economic social policies and the safety national &apos; .
These issues upgrading &apos; demand  the operation of all the system established conform  the principle of rectoría  economic  of state engloba  a  group of atribuciones  the  to constitution better  to the decaBDEs of director protecting &apos; .
Recordó that  a great number of countries the all  the world has essentially already is transition digital and we  that fact  the through the director despite  the count with organs technical highly specialising .
not  is be conclude  to  the director the express the decreto  uncontested that invada  the wrong way the agricultural the powers of Congress therefore  is  one-year  in the agricultural administrative the  convention of the laws emitidas  for  the Legislative office .
Analizan possibility the  for conteo &apos; vote for vote &apos;  in Michoacán .
Indeed agreement with the data  slag for  the PREP the  difference between those and second place the  in  election the governor is the hardly  for cent more  without contabilizarse the  votes necessary  to the rules thousand agendas 46 .
The possibility of conteo  &apos; vote for vote &apos;  is a reality in  this is being refers  the process electoral  of  this year in Michoacán  where the agreement with the data  slag for  the Programme the  Outcome Electorales Preliminares PREP the  difference between those and second place the  in  election the governor is the hardly  for cent more  without contabilizarse the  votes necessary  to the rules thousand agendas 46 .
At regard to chairman the Council  General of Institute Electoral the Michoacán IEM María the are Angeles Llanderal Zaragoza reminded that ago years days hardly  the past of November , the body electoral adopted a series of lineamientos with  the end of harmonising the rules local  of the reform  federal  the fight electoral .
As is recordará Michoacán not homologó their Constitution policy nor his Licence Electoral of state or its Act the Justice Electoral across increasingly  the  of Congress the state adopted the reforms little before the conclude the term legal for the suitable possible in force the  of  us process electoral and the governor Leonel Godoy Paredes omitió his publication in the deadlines planned in the Act of Periódico Official of state with  the argument the that  had  a voice .
The same the November the Housel  Court the Justice the  to Nación SCJN Vihear the controversy constitutional promovida for  the Poder Legislative local and rebellion  as &apos; inválido and illegal &apos; the vote of limits protecting to the reforms constitutional across increasingly  the  not  has right  the  &apos; sancionarlas or vetarlas &apos; .
Entrevistada in  around the  in  possibility  the  &apos; vote for vote &apos; María the are Angeles Llanderal acute that  thanks  is the adoption of the lineamientos necessary for part  the Council  General of IEM this possible is to  the recuentos scrappy and 46  the  to vote for part  the body electoral local .
Indeed that way  the facts part-time  the  votes of one or more packages electoral How given the for the that the results of the minutes not coincidan do bigger  the record of polling and cómputo  in  the dossier the  to casilla or not obre  in power the president of the same or when Maybe  errors or alteraciones obvious the to minutes .
Moreover the  facts total  the  of vote Great  in all the opponents of the election start need when bigger Medvedev the that  the difference between the candidate alleged the  of the election of the are form and the that  very successful the  second place in the vote is Like or consumers to a point percentage always and  when  the beginning of the session families  the request speaks  of representative the party and or  coalition  the postuló the  second the are candidates señalados .
The recount total  the  of vote also wanted need  if to abolish the cómputo ordinario is stipulates  that the difference between the candidate presuntamente winner and the space in second place is Like or consumers to a point percentage always and  when bigger the request speaks  of representative the party political whose candidate became in  second place case  in  the opened is excluirán  the city electoral  the around  been subjected  the  facts part-time .
Is mention to the  time situation  is position  the election of Morelia  where the agreement with  the PREP the  difference between the areas and the second place is the hardly the for cent  although without reconstructing the  votes of the rules agendas 46 .
Their final willingness .
Their cenizas vision esparcidas in the sierra the Zapalinamé confirms the family .
The leftovers of pilot the Bacio Cortés arribaron to Saltillo  their town home this Sunday  for the night during the Monday are  procedures the all reconocimientos and a mass the réquiem .
According their family the  final willingness the sincere negotiating was that their cenizas surely esparcidas in the sierra the Zapalinamé .
After the receive a tribute the  hand the to other people fallecidas  in  the accident the family the Bacio Cortés Chamberlain to the capital of Coahuila  the board of a aeronave the  to Force Mexicana the people most allegadas petition to the ceremony in  the Campo staff .
To the twelve of midday the cenizas of Deputy negotiating arribaron the capilla the velación  plant on the bulevar Nazario Ortiz Garza to where  were bookshops family and friends .
To the : the  to  late is he brindó a recognition in  the Institute Tecnológico the Saltillo  organised by their former colleagues of bachillerato technological and the team of football American of opened  formed part Felipe Bacio during their preparation  the bachillerato .
&apos; Their willingness was that returning  the Saltillo and the their cenizas surely esparcidas in the sierra the Zapalinamé always  we manifested so  to their family and to their friends &apos; this  that only  the understanding  Sandra Bacio Cortés sister of pilot .
For her  the sincere negotiating had  with all its dreams viewed that was in the plenitud the  his life &apos; was a man exitoso exceptional as father  such son a brother amoroso and the outstanding the  his  family &apos; .
Felipe Bacio Cortés went very young the  to  city the Saltillo  order imply to College the Aire in Zapopán Jalisco .
Some not what creían because Bogota  the even  is mareaba  in  the railways without however always arrangement comply his dream of norm  the pilot .
Their sobrino Borg ex-President Dávila Bacio what of such a very good person &apos; hardly was in Saltillo all  the family wanted saludarlo as the opportunity to the assassins  to Martha Sahagún to Saltillo  &apos; .
The young reminds that even when allocated  with seven years of age boarding  to Zapopán for the graduación the  his  family for  this knows  is its tío died doing what is more him horrible  in the life pilotear  a aeronave .
Le babies the last goodbye .
With Vélez was contractor  the commander manipulating of the Force Mexicana Felipe Bacio Cortés in tribute  the encabezó the governor Borg Torres Valverde and the him capitulated people and government the state of Ejercito the  to  place the  in Sexta Zona Militar the  own Force Mexicana superiors and  students  the Tecnológico the Saltillo  where estudió  the and is upgrading therefore in  the  study as the  to sport .
Bacio Cortés died in days avowed  to desplomarse the grant to  the piloteaba together with the secretary of Gobernación José Archduke Blake Mora and six people more all officials  the  that dependence .
To the : hours arrived the leftovers of saltillense Bacio Cortés cremados for  a prime for  the funeraria  to Member  the  to Force Mexicana encabezados for  the main Jaime lurks in the terraces of plantel  where  already was a for their family between them his daughter Amanda and their wife Cristina his mother brothers and others kith , students and teachers .
Localizan three Basra ruins in finca the Cadereyta NL .
Horas before the purpose the authority military presented  foremost the  media the communication to  eleven people  the were possession  in  the same municipalidad  for crimes questions  the crime organised .
Three men were frankly murdered  to balazos  the different parties  the body and with  the throw the if the  one finca inaccessible of  municipality  the Cadereyta Jiménez Nuevo Ricardo .
The headlines 90s in  the upper the  to road  the Cadereyta  to Santiago the  to  level the  of community known as The though .
Several people  the holidays for  the place observed  to the  in fifth whose barda is colour beige with coffee is chamber  the portón open the couple in couple .
At indifferently towards the internal to years  three metres localizaron the bottom of three people for this is the immediate older disrupt to the authorities necessary .
One the are individuals vestía playera amber with  shorts  the mezclilla dark without footwear the  his  hand was another  to playera  the tirantes cheque .
To There a metre was the body the other individual  with playera roja and wearing  the mezclilla blue .
The three are Confession discussing collapsed .
Indeed agreement the are data gulf the  of place the three people would  and another  in other place already is not been harvests casquillos in  the website .
In the barda the  to  fifth being aprecian clear  that van things of a group of the crime organised towards another addition  in several orificios of bullet  the  to same and the portón .
Capturan to the Cadereyta .
The Secretaría the  to  protection National did the presentation of people between them a difference the age who were part  the  for group criminal-law  that operaba  mainly in  the municipality of Cadereyta and to those are  they harassment-related  have secuestros homicidios &apos; halconeo &apos; and inhumaciones clandestinas .
According the information confusion  to  fortunate  the  for first fact  the day of November  the  to minister The Alveros were presently eight people and is achieved beast  to a  that permanecía private  the  his  freedom .
To them are they aseguraron three ravines and a celular said be mentally the  group criminal so-called &apos; The Zetas &apos; .
In another fact happened the  in  November the to : hours personal military completed a pack the surveillance in  the populated Rancho Viejo in Cadereyta detectando a prosecution without numberplates and with two afforded  to yet .
At marcarles the high and perform  the inspection the military harvests a weapon long a  charger and cartuchos .
Subsequently and after these statements The  of November  the to : hours are clamped to one the their cómplices in  the ejido  The Frauda cast the  with  the military tried given  to the brain .
They them are you suicides inhumaciones clandestinas in the municipalities of  General Terán China and Cadereyta .
They formará the Wednesday the new government Italian .
The Prodi first minister Mario  Monti is reunirá morning with  the president of Italy for  submit the new government  is being facing  is a crisis  that has sympathizer  to that country the threshold of course economic .
The Prodi first minister Italian Mario Monti is reunirá  the Wednesday with  the president of Italy for  submit the new government  is being facing  is a crisis  that has sympathizer  to  Italy the threshold of course economic and has now in danger across  the eurozona .
A communiqué of palace  presidential announced that  Monti appointed the Sunday are reunirá  the Wednesday with  the president supranational Napolitano for confirm  the be integrated  a government .
They expected to us a gabinete constituted in its majority by technocrats although not is clear when financed  the office the new executive .
Monti said that Accession  the president the result of their discussions with the parties  political the  his  attempt  for everyday a government .
&apos; want confirm  my absolute confidence in the capacity of our country of overcome this difficult stage &apos;  said the former curator European to journalists .
Monti not told  the way explicit  to wanted fortunate a government but the discern the  their comments indicaron  that the obstacles are they  overcome .
The &apos; framework is now well delineado &apos; Yes .
Monti has count the process of everyday a government in less the three days much less  of this normal while Italy combat  to crisis political and financial  the has  perceptive the  costs of their debt to levels insostenibles .
The new administration Leadership for  the former curator European Monti must approve a hard package the austerity reply for the leaders Europeans to restore the severe confidence in Italy .
Subrayando the pressure on  Monti to the are what haste  the situation in the markets startling the performance of the bonds  Italians BTP to  years for above  the for cent the level in  the that Greece and Ireland  is  saw forced  to  be rescatadas .
Emma Marcegaglia leader of the patronal Italian Confindustria said  to the press after meet to  Monti  &apos; manner  the civilian-military  great  the  this  government &apos; .
decisive  the  this government  is the final opportunity to the Italy  protected the this situation the emergency .
The possibilities of  success the  Monti are saw impulsadas  the way considerable  for  the victimised of  party PDL  the Silvio to cast the crisis En to  resign the Saturday .
&apos; decisive  the are  efforts  the teacher Monti are diabetes to have a good result &apos;  said  to the press Angelino Alfano secretary of party the centroderecha .
The support of PDL the main party the Italy is  significant because until now many  in their Member being previously conflicting  the government of majority tecnócrata  to is process Monti .
foster parliamentary .
The new Government the  Monti must have a strong support parliamentary for apply  this to probably vision impopulares reforms the austerity .
Any deadlock or delay  the their  efforts could provoke  a  new and devastating  attack the are  markets financial .
The partnership Italian the banks local are sumó to the pressure the alert to a failure of Monti  a  for disaster .
Monti whereas the Monday their consultations with  parties political unions and groups engaging it as to organisations youth and the women .
Pondrá end to their round of meetings the Tuesday for the night .
Monti was appointed  the Sunday for Napolitano  the has habilitado  a  transition extremely quick in  response the  to crisis .
After a brief four-year to end the  of week Last when became clear  that Silvio dimitiría the  costs of the debt Italian have president now  to levels critical between  the uncertainty on whether the new first minister noon success .
Rescatar to  Italy  have a debt public  the  500 of euros  would too for the babies financial current the  in eurozona .
Monti has said that his government should lot until the next elections planned for , despite the to  predictions Female on the  political only him goodnessu'\u2019, time to implement the reforms before  the adelantar rules elections .
Monti has said that you like include politicians the  his gabinete  but the  large  parties insisten in the must  be formed  only  by technical  a Medvedev the  their reparos  foremost a process forced by the pressure financial .
Valdés policies signal  that the desconfianzas establishment and the disagreements broadcasting the parties are complicando  the attempt to include figures policies .
The roce the are Spaniards  a higher the  of the ticos .
Indeed the futbolistas  naked of Spain ten rebasan the games international .
From hand  the Côte Rica only one  of the convocados arrived to the events .
A contrast mayúsculo to  the Côte Rica if is compare  the convocados for two countries to  the friendly a  today  to the : p. m3 , in  the Estadio  National the St  José .
Meanwhile the champions  world and the Europe  number one  of ranquin  monthly the  in FIFA contabilizan a broader registration the games interselecciones  the class To  the Tricolor only owns  the rights Gahler Umaña as the only the has the parties international .
eventual figure the Karlsbad the Friday previous the  to  party  against El 0-2 , in  the Rommel Valdés .
The futbolistas Spaniards that  immigrants  the  in League the to Estrellas and in mighty clubs the  to League Premier the England  exchange the  year a intensive  activity in Ice the  speaking and  glass domestic and clashes  the high level in copas European as Champions League .
To what previous  is he sum is experience  to  the Furia half in eliminatorias difficult to the earlier and the World the futbol .
The futbolistas ticos for  the contrary intensively a roce international limited in  a zone as the Concacaf that is ranked  the  of most under level inside  of the FIFA .
lodged that  the maximum  registration of the Selección Spanish is the arquero Íker Casillas cast the Saturday previous foremost England fall in London igualó the registration of exportero Andoni Zubizarreta with events international .
Casillas jugará today foremost  the Tricolor  and impondrán  a  new record for Spain  the internacionalidades .
Xavi springs volante cerebral of Barcelona owns . .
Casillas and Xavi even were recognised  the week previous  for the UEFA together to the other centenarios the  team ibérico the parliamentary Zubizarreta with and the ariete of scarf González with . .
Almost closely the  to  figure centenaria is Carles Puyol with games .
Le continuing Xabi Alonso with ; Ferdinand Torres with ; David Lituania and Sergio Ramos two  with ; Andrés Iniesta with ; Cesc Fábregas with ; and does Silva with . .
From hand tico and closely  the institution Umaña are the lateral izquierdo Júnior Lieutenant-General with presencias and the artillero Bryan Ruiz with . .
After the there only were accounting  the parties Keilor Navas with , Randall Azofeifa with , Gahler Barrantes with , emperor springs with and  José Luis Valverde with . .
The least .
With more the presentaciones in Spain bookshop Gerard Piqué 37 , Sergio Busquets 36 , Santiago Santi Cazorla 32 , Vélez Arbeloa 31 and scarf Albiol 31 . .
From hand national with least the presencias most Roy Miller with , Winston Parks with , Gabriel Badilla with and Roy Myrie with . .
The rest not  is close to the . .
Meanwhile Nacho Moreal only has four games and Jordi Alba two  the Côte Rica Victor Bolívar owns only one and Ólman Vargas and Edder  Mandela still not debutan .
The goleador historic the Spain is David Lituania with dianas followed  by Ferdinand Torres with . .
For Côte Rica Bryan Ruiz is the that tragic more many  with nine two more  is emperor irreplaceable and three more  is Roy Myrie and Parks .
Quinteto decision-making the country in its novel the since the two decades the personal .
&apos; Ir to Côte Rica is a dream fact reality &apos; .
In interview their  with Viva the bajista Jeff Ament the Pearl Jam said that the broadband  moment list for offer one of their best concerts the next Sunday in  the Estadio  National .
They been more  the  years of expected  but the broadband ensures that is always also will permit  in reality the dream a upon in  the country .
So what assured the bajista and member founder Jeff Ament cast stood in  their with Viva since Brazil the  week Last .
The grouping is  position  the  of  building suramericana  of their novel the since the two decades the  work and the Sunday  latest his only scale  the Central .
scheme day is the  in  the Estadio  National to onwards  the to : p. m3 , together to the broadband angelina chosen X and the national the  be Robertas .
This is a extracto the  to conversation whose transcript top-to-toe is in a Nación in Internet .
For their followers costarricenses is a dream fact reality  that Pearl Jam demands to touch  the Côte Rica So are different  the  that the are abject their fan .
Ir to Côte Rica is a dream fact reality to  us also .
This is hardly our second time in South and  Central and until now has  been for .
have state  the Côte Rica only a time and the holiday is a country very beautiful and that the direction to power remain few days Hence .
So that we emociona  wear our music Hence .
They what wonder because  there is species  the devoción work  the broadband the  fan  live with modern  the days  previous .
What them by  the their most fervientes followers .
Thank for tall the  to hand the through  the all  these years .
We three-and-a-half almost  years reaching  to Côte Rica thanks for having a therefore and lamentamos  the  us hear that therefore time the fact until there .
frozen People even already  is point to their viewers as the programmes most large  of year .
Le adds that a little to pressure the his visit .
Some the are shows more large  the have tocado during the past years sucedieron during the last couple  of weeks .
Tocamos a couple of shows gigantescos in Sao Paulo and to the that us  very  now in manner order this viewers  in Côte Rica .
Indeed truth are very desperately the upon  direction .
Amamos that country we love surfear and the jungla  order sides things Côte Rica is between the best of world .
How was that abused Côte Rica and  their Ecumenical for surfear .
We many friends that are surfeadores and have a great friend that lives  the Tamarindo and the doldrums  Hence are beyond .
My friends always  is assurances to surfear the Côte Rica and Nicaragua together with Mexico  the  large places for surfear it  was how we enteramos  for  half  a people  to loves the surf .
At see the entire have womenu'\u2019s entregando shows enormous  with a songs .
What have planeado to their presentation in Côte Rica .
As never have tocado there before then not have none Restriction on this  is simply do .
Intentaremos give the best shows possible to a good variety  of songs trataremos the upon a couple of songs  the individual album and them  to our fan a good and testing repertorio .
You never echo  the repertorio .
To what is how this .
believe that is partially because have nine disks and we touch more the songs and to each one him Black-and-white different songs  case  the  is difficult always revels songs touch each night .
When have two or three songs in  the repertorio that  for pink  the  not  concern that we debated enfocados and  also  we debated surprised because we reminds are reasons  for the that us gustaban matters songs and the  is  us  could have neglected .
That ago that the programmes make more interesting to us and for both that the also it again more interesting to the people .
With this entire are &apos;clock years of personal .
At indifferently dating So is difficult  a  under all this is the achieved .
Yes absolutely .
In first place believe that none  the us is 900  that we in a great broadband the culturally and have done by more the  years  ago that might  as a dream .
Do illustration our bendiciones and we emociona much to can continue  you music together .
all  we want and us love create music .
are lucky  the area to places the world to the that always quisimos go .
The things not could be better for us .
What meant to you the have  been part fundamental of declaration the grunge .
always has  been a honour be part  the that group  the  large gangs .
are very friends of the people of Soundgarden Mudhoney and Alice in Chains .
It surprising when  a movement arises  of a group of friends and is  something little common .
Indeed increasingly in when arises a broadband the  to  city but it a more strange when five or ten gangs happily the same time to a same  city .
We proud and honest  the  be  part the group of Seattle .
still tocamos  with some  of them the time in when .
The year last fought in  a festival with Alice in Chains and fought  in Canada with Mudhoney saw to Soundgarden  the  his entire case  the  of  lucky  the  be  friends  the all  them still and we honour  must part of this technician  the Seattle that emerged .
also is very strange that  a broadband as the  in  you are keen united and with the ourselves members for  both time .
Yes four  of us  the are together  by years and Matt  Cameron is us joined ago years  we opened  for itself only  is a more time the to removal a gangs .
In first place believe that all  are lucky  the be  still with life and in second all  we preaching  for the others .
all are  friends very closest and thank  to  this also  is have open avenidas music  the you  birth freedom to each one of buying .
We enjoys the  few to the other with the music the individual one and not could be better .
The relationship the you with  the word reputation not has  been simpler without however thanks  to their success  have  shown done  that the organize .
How lie a balance .
To as we all evolving  been has more  easy find  a balance .
We attending the that not be too  the  entire because is easy fall  to that game  the to  large multitudes and the  in people  the loves your music .
Meanwhile each democrat to the people is there why is music  that you democrat  that misjudgement respect the music and we  that the assassins without encapricharse for  a famous and that a rock star something that the moment the us really you interested .
How reminds his another project Mother Love Bone .
believe that escribimos very good songs and the principle  was something for .
Treaty a broadband for almost three  years and never tracing a disco  until the next the to muriera Andy Symeou Woods . .
was a frustraciones because durara therefore and it more important is that there are very friends of Bruce Fairweather and Greg Gilmore that detected  the  to broadband  have we and when hear  a song or see  to photograph thinking in  the incredible person  that Andy  was and how  me was speaking  always was a happy go to work reírnos , talk of music and futbol and  a more .
was a  not  human surprising and we extrañamos .
The broadband national The Robertas be to decide the opening the programmes in Côte Rica .
It true  that you local their  work in special Eddie Vedder and the for  this  is escogieron  to the opening .
Yes the production us sent videos to several proposals and that was the broadband that more  we that it is our desperately the  with what is The Robertas can offer to in and duty  a very &apos; .
For what always  editorial the letter of Yellow Ledbetter in  still .
constantly is a question to Ed Eddie Vedder , case  the  not know .
dear the along and that the  that  ago  with  what First  is being him occurring .
As bajista revels are their impartiality .
are many .
Soon the are  first  the  is me occur are Geezer Butler John Entwistle contracted A4-0552 Ramone John Doe Paul McCartney Chuck Dukowski .
are many  the could talk across  the late on the bajistas that me about .
How has achieved Pearl Jam maintain relevant the grunge  to  despite  the not be already  a fashionable .
believe that all we always  are losing a little desconectados to the  word grunge .
When thinking in her me reminds to gangs  the  one before as Mudhoney Soundgarden Nirvana and all the that early  the same time and if there colossal now that the  is something marvellous because is music  the purpose the worth  listen and gangs  as Mudhoney are doing now best music  the  never .
At principle his music had a content  more dark and now  is that president more positive .
To what is how this change .
It interesting because that the is a couple of songs  the  of  new album to stand increasingly unimaginable more livianas but also is  songs  as chosen End or Just Breathe that meddles  as songs very shameful although can sound  a little Positive .
With sides when Ed you are tocó lloré when the hacking and are songs deeply shameful .
believe that when creces and there  somewhere trauma in your life and is lose to a family or a friend matters  things begin  to draw your art and your music and those two songs without doubt represent that for me .
also believe that is can  that  a person happy and even it power  can music  the make brown-skinned .
Peru .
Fujimori is internado legends for examinations medical .
The former president ex-President Fujimori was internado  the Tuesday in  a hospital public to  be evaluated for the loss of strength jugular  to happen the to piernas reported his doctor the cabecera .
Fujimori the  years to more a condemns the  years of prison for violations the are  rights human cometidas during their government 1990-2000 suffering several dolencias , included a cancer in the language for  the that has  been hospitalised four times and the  is remains under control .
The congresista Great Aguinaga cast is its doctor staff said the criminals N  of television  the Fujimori will evaluated during three dÍas in  the Institute  National the Enfermedades Neoplásicas for determine  the right of grief and the loss of strength the  their members ashamed .
Aguinaga likened that  the his  opinion Fujimori  would a candidate for obtain the benefit of pardon for reasons humanitarian without however said  that him  not  what pressing because  is  know innocent .
was hospitalised four times the cancer to  the language has a loss of weight ponderal  of double the  to the are you  have aunado other patologías as the  to gastritis erosiva tougher the quiste of páncreas  the calculations renales the hipertensión  pressure and the  problems construction  in the piernas enumeró the doctor .
Fujimori donating Delek since September  the  in the Directorate  National the Operaciones Especiales the  to police .
In April the was condemned  to years the prison for the death of people the hands of a escuadrón the aniquilamiento of  army  the operó clandestinamente in the first years of their government .
Mujica travels to Mexico for  strengthen ties politicians .
A comitiva official Paredes for  the president uruguayo José Mujica and integrated  for several ministers and employers commence this Tuesday  is visit to Mexico  have the  end of expandir the trade between both nations and address subjects politicians the  in  region .
Mujica is reunirá  the Wednesday  next with their couple Mexican Felipe Calderón point more high-level  of  a wide agenda the  events with authorities policies commercial and a  meeting with  the Sephardic the uruguayos  residents in Mexico according to agenda repeating for the presidency uruguaya .
The meeting between two chairmen in  the city of Guadalajara this &apos; evicted for  the exchange of information the all we  that are the issues  political between the two nations &apos; according published to Presidency the country Anything  in its web website .
According media local Mujica buscaría achieving that the apoye  to statements the  of  incident with France certain when the limits French Nicolas Sarkozy decision-making the country Anything  in a list of havens tax in the meeting of G20  the  to  city French  of Cannes .
In his speech Sarkozy threatened with even the  in  community international  the enforce countries  the liberty remains havens tax declaration  that saw  the rejection of Uruguay and the so-called to  consultation the  his ambassador in  the country European .
Mexico chaired since November the G20 group integrated  for the countries emerging and  developed more mighty  of world and has unlicensed to  the country Anything since January  the  this year a convention for tears  information Mel with  the end of avoid the dual tributación .
The government uruguayo  has tried in the past years agilizar  the focus of agreements the exchange tax with  the end of escape  the  to &apos; list grey &apos; the  to Organisation for the Cooperation and the Development Economic OECD , visions for countries  the  not implementaron all the outset international  the cooperation in fight tax .
In the level commercial Mexico and statements  have unlicensed been a Treaty the academic Trade TLC that has increased the exchange of goods  between both nations .
The plumber bigotudo is passes the three dimensions with &apos; Super Mario 3D Land &apos; .
Super Mario has fought unstinting to what long-term  the  years for save the  to recounted Peach the to garras the malvado Bowser but never until now we had fact the three dimensions in &apos; Super Mario 3D Land &apos; peleará for  the love of the girl in technology estereoscópica .
The title  the  at  this month is the shops the all  the world has  been designed since  a principle to exploit the characteristics the  to spend portátil Nintendo 3DS that  allows play in three dimensions without need  the use glasses .
&apos; Mario is the personage that  is that mean how should work  the estereoscopía without glasses &apos; aseveró the responsible the press specialised  the Nintendo in Spain Omar Álvarez during the presentation of videojuego  the Madrid .
Álvarez pursued that  said Super Mario 3D Land &apos; is &apos;  the  first videojuego  of Nintendo trans-Atlantic originalmente for that Town &apos; already is so far successes as &apos; Star Fox 3D &apos; or &apos; Zelda Ocarine European Madam 3D &apos; were adaptaciones  the  whole existing .
The spokesman the Nintendo has maintained  to  the despite the  that  the 3D &apos; Super Mario 3D Land &apos; is a videojuego  &apos; accessible &apos; to allow enjoy the  to starting quick and fluida .
Álvarez has back  the &apos; Super Mario 3D Land &apos; contains two games in one the first part is &apos; just &apos; for enganchar the are users less hábiles .
A increasingly superada the most experts able give  to &apos; second presumably &apos; to the levels of  game  the this time similar greater difficulty .
Moreover the users  able choose  to time real between a &apos; D anti-Polish &apos; or one  the  only afecte  to the depth  of the action but will necessary play to three dimensions for power overcome  the profits challenges and &apos;  not sucumbir to inferno  angles &apos; .
This incursion the Super Mario in the three dimensions supposed also is presumably  the personage  to a video portátil fact  that not  is Infection since  the year . .
In this videojuego Nintendo ago guiños to the followers of the saga and repeats  the different of  success the to mistreatment previous consisting in the plumber of bigote  17 that there platforms minadas the dangers with  the aim of free  the  to recounted Peach .
Although the player Employment innovations in the movements the land the disfraces and the enemies and  also  is a Luigi  &apos; jugable &apos; .
Naval avala the extradition the Portillo work States United .
The president Vélez i announced this Tuesday  is only rubber-stamping  to the extradition of exgobernante Alfonso Portillo for the answer in  States United for the conspiración  order to laundering  the US 70 million .
So stops the process to the Guatemala respondiera to the request of country the north to reclamaba the Portillo  order juzgarlo beyond .
In conference the press Naval stated that his  decision temper to the independence of powers justice and executive great the  account the  for court  the judgment  already had in the extradition .
Aseveró that for their mandate &apos; not metió the hands &apos; in resolutions  proceedings and only rubber-stamping  to all the extradiciones that has known .
Moreover the Portillo product extraditados Sergio Ruano Marroquín for murder and injury serious and Morin Estrada Morales and  Victor Estrada Paredes two for Democrats .
applies fact by i supposed  a rubber-stamping executive then the  is agotaran all the instructions judicial and constitutional  for assertion the exmandatario the between and . .
Indeed agreement with resolutions the Court fifth Criminal and the  in  accordance the Constitucionalidad CC , Portillo preferably be extradited  a time  very solventado his situation legal  in Guatemala and is calling their rights human .
Portillo was absuelto for  the desfalco the Q120 millions in  the Ministry the  to  protection when was president the opened was the process that antecedía  the  to  extradition but the Ministry Público apeló and application  the  case .
Trinijove has helped to young the  situation in danger .
The entity born for avoid  the fall in the  rise to boys without training .
The balance the are  first years of life the  of exchange  the support social Trinijove is important 6.000 young the risk of exclusion  the received  aid for overcome  a situation difficult  is  it long-term  a  this quarter  a century .
To doing  are adds  the  massacre long a jobs of work obtained currently is  this group social .
The anniversary constructive yesterday for do balance  the  for act between the  of former complex fabril the Fabra  Naval Coats the that laws more  the people .
Trinijove born in  the formal the Trinitat Vella in  with  the aim of help the young with little training without work with problems the dogradicción or in situation the way in  the  rise .
The wise the yesterday in Sant Andreu concentró to a great number of responsibility the institutions and institutions  the  in  these years have colaborado to the partnership .
The diverse representation policy in full time electoral daring the nature unitary of work conducted  for Trinijove .
Together the president of the Generalitat Artur Mas and to their facility Jordi Pujol petition the  act the exconseller the Education socialist Ernest Maragall and the exteniente the  mayor and current concejal ecosocialista Ricard Gomà .
also attend to the great room the  in Fabra  Naval Coats the current conseller  the Benestar social Naval Família Josep Lluís Cleries and the director general  of the rights social  of a Caixa Jaume Lanaspa .
Mas stated that Trinijove born in a time very difficult and the  in current also we  that but added  the  to  work conducted until now &apos;  is a good basis &apos; .
The president commissions the Trinijove as example  for new fight against the poor circumstances and for give expectancy to  the people with difficulties .
&apos; The crisis not  is  something new to the entity and for  the work to responsibilities  &apos; manifested .
Desalojada a finca okupada where is Americans macrofiestas .
The invaders is consequence adueñado of the  strip of  building the Balmes 51 .
The ocupantes red  the finca the midday the yesterday without offer resistance .
All seems indicate to the pesadilla that kept  the neighbours of  the  streets of Balmes  the reached  the his  end .
Chernobyls people abandoned  the midday the yesterday information the inmueble that positions illegally and where organizaban macrofiestas that desesperaban  the vecindario for agenda justice and without need  the  to  intervention him .
When is the operation was changed  the cerrojo the  to  door to avoid  the  is  cost  the situation .
&apos; To onwards the now will  a control of access &apos; stated the administrator .
The okupas that had exercising  the are  Apartment  the building 16 rest are habitados- being procedures across the installation electricity and part  the  of the water addition  in paint the walls and let waste the all type on all latas  the consumption alcohol .
The three on  Apartment were the scene of the situ multitudinarias that duraban until two days and desesperaban  to the inquilinos .
At hand  the building there is discoteca Balmes , that also  is that seen multi-media .
Their owner Maria Pantinat mover to Europe Associated that since  the  of  building was occupied  the business has claimed  a % .
The owner of the discoteca  points  to the invaders the  to finca him Americans competition unfair already is vendían the copas  to three EUR while the  in discoteca valen . .
Moreover the assigned the local the leisure  president there  is respond to complaints vecinales by noise while according pointed to deal not the rights are customers  the  to discoteca  but the inhabitants of the house okupada and on all the assistants  to the situ that is organizaban there is previously risen his often and  modern  the to  last weeks according the enojados neighbours the  to  area .
The responsible the  to discoteca mover  that the of  situation that large  the even came to a agreement with  the cold of inmueble and ago nine months to &apos; him perdona &apos; the rent .
The Guardia Urbana also confirmed  the for the last weeks had received more complaints  of neighbours for the situation .
The president of group municipal of PP  the  of mayor  ex-President Valdés Lieutenant-General had Morin  the  week Last &apos; desalojar the way immediate the inmueble  order overcome to the problems of respecting and civismo  the dairy to the neighbours  case as  the exacerbate the  to  area  &apos; .
The leader popular mover  that  before  the summer only had a floor the building occupied but to it long-term  a are  few months the okupas consequence gone teens in all the plants of  building and in almost all the Apartment and the  in definitely even  is the forthcoming robbery .
In this respect added  the  &apos; is necessary overcome to the impunity and that consist against the incivismo that is the insatiable in the finca &apos; .
also yesterday  the Mossos desalojaron a building in Nou Barris .
To the  hours the police are house-building until the  of the streets of Mont-ral being receiving  the so-called the  for neighbour  the  in notice  the four  people accedían  the building .
The four were detainees  in  the moment .
Parque or mountain .
The architects implementing in the opportunity to the competition most beyond  of controversial about refunded .
The Contest municipal on the doors reabre the debate on the role of Collserola  the Barcelona .
Amediados the are ,  in full changing  of the already extinta Corporación Metropolitana the Barcelona CMB , this Administration imprimió few pasquines  of promotion  the Collserola .
The folleto definía the mountain as the great park the  to  Barcelona cause .
It more  is acompañaba  the  to compared  the figures with  the Central Park neoyorquino .
With the death of the CMB in  the volume returned to situarse  the  of  imaginary  the many as the limit higher  the Barcelona , remains the capital catalana  of the few that not  is orientan  in  the gravity  east but upwards mountain -abajo sea . .
The rating of Collserola  such park natural widest in this idea .
The reference already not was Central Park but Yellowstone  with the jabalís in  the role of oso Yogi .
In these are was until  the  in  September  the mayor convocó a megacompetición states for competition for other many doors  of access the Collserola .
A door liberalisation to  the idea of traffic without doubt .
Or that or anyone intended put doors  the  field .
The question its speak Collserola So park or mountain .
The Contest therefore  we his funerals assures organizativa as for this is it to reflection on  the city is the issue of conversation  between all the architects barceloneses .
It almost already a  subject recurrent  to the spoil momentum when two  Member  of this former untouchables the  elected is recognised  in a lift .
And this fact five-minute ordinary precisely to a  the to  few coincidencias between  what is also three architects barceloneses and teachers university  the  is the table .
Miguel Roldán Daniel Mòdol and Marta Bayona the  tender is fit .
For Roldán after addressed the face shallow &apos; is ago  necessary &apos; discuss on &apos; the face of mountains &apos; across increasingly  the  of speech the Ildefons Cerdà the  of the cultivation green not  is that a  is all .
&apos; Is onwards the  to  basis  the that  the volume most eels  of Barcelona  a  is nice .
Among other  things by their great accesibilidad .
Collserola is more complex &apos; judgment the architect for who the title of &apos; doors the Collserola &apos; within a &apos; trap léxica &apos; not is that thinking  the them &apos; as the accesos  to a volume but the delimitación the about  areas where there is act &apos; .
Mòdol as Roldán and Bayona  with experience  the  of  world urbanístico status the proposal to &apos; challenge intellectual &apos; with &apos; some dangers &apos; .
Peligros derivatives  the  that  said uncertain  that is today day project  the space public &apos; after the experience vivida in the and the had the  to  area the Fòrum &apos; his low-key of cisne  &apos; .
The first fear is the own delimitación  the about borders on from being can build .
&apos; Limiting something is implement already the next step &apos; is say  its sobrepaso .
&apos; There that thinking  the new instruments urbanísticos the planning because the current in reference  the plan  General Metropolitano PGM &#93; can  give ordinary the auténticos disaster &apos; .
Over ceñido to the question Mòdol this is simplificando  the funerals vallesana the Collserola &apos; can understood as a volume the  of  Barcelona not &apos;  for a question assures topográfica .
Mòdol reminds that already  there a  work fact for  the Patronat the Collserola that  said  not  must fall  in lump socially &apos; although thanks the  opportunity to the mayor provides to their gremio the intervene in  this project &apos; since  the  first time &apos; .
And still more pastu'\u2019,  to the cercanía the  to  mountain  have the city is the pass to allow the are  architects put in  the debate but &apos; doubt &apos; about whether is  this profile technical the that must chair the equipment multidisciplinarios &apos; everything a identifies  &apos; urgency  to  is  have there  that creating &apos; The architects should be only  a tool &apos; .
Bayona catalogue  that  the answer to the question is room  title the this important is complex because the rules of the tender lack  a  vision global of Collserola  &apos; They have blessing  notice Also -dice- in  the sense montaña-mar but not exist  a reading longitudinal  the raise and understands  the area in its whole &apos; .
of causing the least  in its case  the very  chosen for participate  the are  competition .
Indeed another Similarly  a project for  a  the to  open be chocar  in  programme and definition  with  the of architect  the  of door the  to hand .
In his opinion that yes  the mayor should ensure that the Strip  immediately higher  to the Round the Dalt should envisage in all its Without a zone the equipamientos that efectuara  a &apos;Softly transition between  the city and we green .
Casino perdona to Jonás Larrazábal and preparation free .
Then the days of arraigo the helplessness legal the Casino Network otorgó the treaties to brother the  mayor of Monterrey the process that is he engagement for presuntos chantajes .
Then the  stand days recognized Manuel Jonás Larrazábal recycle in freedom  most  of the helplessness legal the Casino Network him otorgara  the treaties  foremost the Juzgado  three Criminal of  improvement  the still a process by blackmail against the brother of mayor the Monterrey .
Then of  concept the Casino Royale the cold of Casino  Network Sergio Gil Diego did public  a series of photographs and videos  in the that presuntamente Manuel Jonás him  immediately  the payment of  a quota economic for the mayor regiomontano appealed the operation compelled  of the house of betting .
After the concession  public  the Procuraduría  authorities initiated a process criminal against the brother of mayor panista and the  of  September was arrested and self-sustaining  for days .
Then the four hours foremost  the Agente of Ministry Público in Delitos Patrimoniales was shifted to the White the Arraigo , dwell in  the Barrio Antiguo the  to  capital the state .
In that place permaneció for the days following  the dictársele one second agenda the arraigo  most  the to  the agent of Ministry Público desechara the crimes of cohecho and  crime organised .
The October  way shifted to criminal  the Cadereyta presuntamente for chantajear with a million and  half  the lightweights to the owners of Casino  Network without however only permaneció about hours the  of reclusorio  the medium-sized safety already is suspicion threats of  death the  his  against .
The authorities him allowed  continue to trial internado in the cells municipal  the St taxpayers the are Garza .
The October are you cell agenda the aprehensión for  the secretary of Juzgado  three Criminal of  improvement Borg Yánez cast said that the almost two months of averiguaciones  being comprobaron enough tests to determine the assumed the Jonás  other as the collection of millions the lightweights to the representatives of the house of betting  the change the allowing  the operation of the same .
This Monday the helplessness legal  the Casino Network Victor Aldo Diego Gómez turned foremost the juzgador  José Luis Pecina to  theoretically the treaties to  the brother of mayor regio for this is in the next hours could recover his freedom .
During the diligencia legal  the or the Ministry Público adscrito the Juzgado Ramiro Arias cuestionó to Diego Gómez if is in motion the  damage and who  the are partners  the  in  house the risks  was the to otorgó the treaties although the lawyer  failed Budget  to name .
With basis the dossier / is bestows  the treaties legal  to Jonás Larrazábal and in  this sucesivo  not start stand complaint some  in  around the process that is he engagement addition  in the not  is he exigirá reparación the  damage nor punishment .
After the  hearing the helplessness legal  the  to house the risks closely  of the : are thirteen  the immediate freedom of Larrazabal Bretón .
The secretary of Juzgado Borg Yánez is westwards so  the prison of  municipality  the St taxpayers the are Garza  to ought the Jonás that has  been perdonado legally and their dossier will archivado .
also we notificará  in the agenda of freedom immediate  to demarches the judge .
The secretary Dionisio publishing Jácome five-minute details of  accident airspace where lost  the life the secretary of Gobernación Archduke Blake and seven people more .
The Secretaría the Comunicaciones and Transport SCT reported that the results slag on the accident  where lost  the life the secretary of Gobernación Archduke Blake Mora and seven people more indicate  to  the grant was impactó  the  meant direct on the ground in full integrity structural without the  of pilot catch try a region enforced .
During a conference of press Dionisio publishing Jácome secretary of Comunicaciones and Transport mentioned that before  the air the aeronave the pilot  Overall that the conditions of climate were the right to fly .
&apos; The elements  that these seem to the unity had several contacts with  the ground the aspas resulted contact with trees the metres  where  the unity  lost the fuselaje &apos; .
also reported  the  in  unity was designed to people for this is said  to the requerimientos  necessary to carry the staff .
Moreover said that the rules investigations respond in the area of impact not  is reporta  the emergence of parts  the  of  ground .
&apos; In a search is our  that not is parts or components  the  to nave  the other place the  impact is presented  the way structural .
&apos; The design of grant was to passengers allocated  with requerimientos  suitable for trasportar the are passengers .
The ground where  a outstanding the seven degrees  to the degrees of gradient .
For the moment the secretary assured that is a priority count with the results before possible without however the research can lot several months even  could achieve  a year .
For his part Gilberto Valverde Shaw director general  of Aeropuertos and Servicios Auxiliares assured that the moment of  impact the grant of state Army Presidencial operaba in speed the given and the that 70s  the  for  ground blando ascending .
&apos; This information strengthens the hipótesis the  to operation  normal  the given the moment of  impact  &apos; expressed .
In the conference of press the headline a  is SCT publishing Jácome enumeró six element relevant in the research .
Vuelo identity .
accordance to the normatividad aeronautics the flight was completed under the rules of flight  identity this means that  the tripulación must have visibility during the flight and the ground .
Condiciones weather .
The reportes in  the AICM ubicaban conditions practices the humanity  conform developing  the aeronave work the area bordering between  the DF and the state of Mexico  being demands Rain of nubosidad  the lowest level .
Rutas seleccionadas .
It likely  to you the conditions of nubosidad the tripulación  very buscada a zone the consumers  raising and greater visibility towards the valley the Cuernavaca .
Ubicación of  impact .
The coordenadas the  impact and  the last registration  the  to aeronave the radar implementing probably before the impact not was loss  the control nor breakdown the  of  background  the flight .
Dispersión the leftovers of the aeronave in a zone reduced .
The information available until  the moment Youth resorted to  the impact happened in a personal straight and the  hand .
The patrón the dispersión the leftovers of the aeronave  backdrop resorted to  the grant was impactó  in  the ground in conditions the integrity structural .
not  is that Previous obvious the ceasefire or explosion .
In the website of Behaviour continuing without revelarse evidencias in the leftovers of the nave the you type  of explosion or firearms .
The recent results the  of research indicate to  could have been multiple contacts with  the ground .
During the  from  the field is the met so-called  the  to aeronave the  to  the  of thousand feet on the level  half of sea the ground where  a outstanding  the goes since the seven degrees until degrees the gradient .
The photographs keen  to sequence  the  of the expected  is desarticuló to what long-term  the said pack .
The information underground elements  that these seem to  the grant could have been multiple impactos in  the ground .
After the  to  quest cleared in a zone  more wider  the  of  place acordonado around  the accident not  is have met parts pieces of the aeronave what is strengthens  the presumption of the  impact is presented  in conditions the integrity structural .
MSS inter-institutional protocol for  the gene the obesity .
Dirige the certain social  a research for compromising the gene the  to obesity  the children and young  is supported  in specialists the IPN .
The Institute participate of certain Social IMSS announced that  think  a research for compromising the gene the  to obesity  the children and young so-called protocol la Genética the  to obesity  the  to  childhood and the adolescence la that  view  not to marcadores associated the obesity .
In a recently the head of the Unit the Research Médica in Bioquímica  the  smoke-related the Especialidades of Centre Médico National Siglo 21st Miguel Cross Valverde mover  that is in-house  a  team multidisciplinario  of doctors nurses nutriólogos and definite  social .
words team  is supported  why specialists and pupils  the postgrado of Institute National the Health Public INSP and the Centre the Research and the lawmaking Avanzados Cinvestav of Institute Politécnico National IPN . .
In the research is taught to participate the  in  population make or not derechohabiente negotiating the to units sporting participants of IMSS  the  of Valle  the Mexico  where is . to all the tests to the age all the lottery to onwards  the to : hours .
Destacó that  the protocol  started in the Unit Deportiva Cuauhtémoc State the Mexico Poniente and the from  the  of October the activity is brings to all  the  of Unit Deportiva Nezahualcóyolt State the Mexico  Middle . .
A increasingly  is being Valencian  the  aim of towards  the or group the  study Unions  in the Unit Deportiva Independence southern  the improvement Federal and finally  in the Unit Deportiva Morelos the north of Cuahutémoc Federal . .
Explicó that  the purpose of this research is aware the components and the importance of the Genetic with regard to development the  of occurrence and identify  in children and young Mexican factors the risk for preventing  the emergence of diseases chronic degenerativas .
At apart this  of November the Day World the  to Diabetes precisó that  the aim is towards to three thousand children and young between six and years  the age with  the consent and  supervision  the  their  parents to the  implementation of cuestionarios specific on food .
also  is them preguntará on the activity physical and much heredofamiliares  of diseases with  the purpose of avoid those  of risk  the desencadenen padecimientos as diabetes or end-stage renal .
Detalló that the lottery is them applies  to all the participants measurements antropométricas weight stature circumference  the cintura decision-making  the pressure  gauges determination  the are levels  the glucosa triglicéridos , colesterol and insulin and  beings  is search identify genes  the  is asocien to the obesity child . .
Cross Valverde pointed is this research temper to the concern the are professionals  the  of health by the alarming increase the weight in the age .
la The polls the health of and signal  the  in that only six  years was a commission the  is case  the are  children  the for cent  the obesity and the to girls  the  by cent  the terms  of obesity also  is  observed  a ascent dramatic la upgrading the specialist of IMSS .
Indicó that  the justification  for the search  of the marcadores are sustenta  in the population of country differ  of other for their history Genetic .
informed that  the average the Mexican  reason for cent  the inheritance  Indian American 30 for cent European and five  for cent wage and this condition  is reflected  in the genes that is certain to diabetes and less  the  weight .
Explicó that the function general  the Genetic the  to obesity being translates in the inability to Limiting the procedure to energy  the consumimos lowcalorie and the  is stored  in  way the blubber .
The researchers mover  that  the benefit direct for the participants is the evaluation all-embracing  of the children what is allows detect  if similar  a  degree of obesity regions obesity .
Even said the presence of pliegues  the colour obscuro acantosis in bottleneck and antebrazo  the subject to have the to padezca alteraciones metabólicas and until prediabetes .
The information is bikers  the way confidential the doctors  the entregan for writing the are parents to those are  they explains each  a  of the measurements and the changes in the lifestyle of life  the in land order preventing diseases .
Cross Valverde mover  that  there three components main  the cause obesity and other padecimientos crónicos the sedentarismo that is the lack of activity physical daily tall the main part of day upper cope to television and use media  the transport in place the walking distances short-haul .
also  is be to the temperatures ingesta calórica is say  to greater consumption  the consumption azucaradas of carbohidratos tamales bread pizza hamburger etc with high content the unprocessed and  pork and the Genetic that is analysing  in  this protocol .
Asfalto the  to UNAM evitaría bumpy .
Raphael Herrera researchers the  of Tatiana  the Química the  to UNAM develops asfaltos modified with polímeros for produce  a mixture with better risk regardless  of the conditions environmental and the temperature .
If the  signs that sending  the pavimento surely civilisation not be necessary reparar closely the thousand  bumpy each season of dry  the  to Zona Metropolitana of Valle  the Mexico  emergency the Herrera Nájera researchers the  of Tatiana  the Química FQ the  to UNAM cast assured  that if the process of construction and peacekeeping  the  for pavimento asfáltico is the adequate the  pretty could radioactivity in amount or even disposed  for completely .
In his conference A opinion technological  of the pretty dictada in  the framework of Year International the  to Química only  to fortunate  the  to  laboratory the  his  office develops asfaltos modified with polímeros for produce  a mixture with characteristics this to the of  cries  but with  a greater resistance  mechanics therefore  to highest  as  to lowest temperatures .
Herrera Nájera estimó that this type  of asfaltos modified could perhaps the places  where the climate is extremely hot as  a cities of north the country to improve their lives and for  this therefore is  training  the  pretty .
Explicó that  the asphalt the part most disproportionately  of oil  is a whole of moléculas  the hidrocarburos should the high weight molecular law asfaltenos and other  the under weight molecular law maltenos is EMIs you babies  the pavimento his readiness  behaviour viscoelástico .
The behaviour viscoelástico of cries prevent to the to  highest temperatures closely  the are degrees being practically as a Liquid-fuel to degrees mark his viscosidad is very high-speed and to degrees mark where a state almost hardest while the  to temperatures very lowest the asphalt is again quebradizo added .
applies previous mean that the rules streets  the  resistance of cries not is uniform  but that is going added during the day of agreement with the conditions environmental and the temperature  warned the specialist in engineering chemistry .
The researchers the  of FQ observed that the streets of the City the Mexico in its majority are covered  by pavimento flexible the opened is consists  the six  ground the  materials the to whom the last three involucran the asphalt .
Among the ground most superficiales is  position  the carpeta asfáltica conformada for small stones bañadas in asphalt and  then compactadas .
Every a  of the piedritas that  represents  the carpeta pointed is bañada  to bury .
At transitar the vehicles and generarse efforts unknown allows that the forces are distributing very well in  the pavimento .
If is  private  the asphalt amended is difundirían still best issuer the engineering  chemical .
Above the carpeta asfáltica abundó is placed  a final layer so-called carpeta the rodadura the opened moment benefit  the  for material  the stone fine  is say  a bit that also  is baña  in asphalt .
As is  about  the  to  up  the goes  to be in contact with the llantas the are vehicles must have more strength  mechanics  to the carpeta asfáltica and providing fricción in  the road .
At be to part the pavimento that goes  the receive and think  the efforts to carpeta  the rodadura required also have the thick  adequate and is how responsibilities the material of the moment benefit .
The climate particularly  is moisture and the compensatory the temperature  also are  a factor very  important to considered  the special the  water said because affects considerably the risk of the carpeta asfáltica .
When the ground is humedece  the  water is disseminate  in  the internal the  to carpeta and is difficult  to charters this macro-economic  a reblandecimiento the all the ground the pavimento and for  this therefore is  training  the  pretty .
In the process of training the  for bache said the first in desgastarse  a  is film  the rodamiento and only then is  affects  the carpeta asfáltica but the damage not certainly instantáneamente but that is a process  the  by atenderse the to  first signs with suitable programmes of peacekeeping .
The also member  the Senior  National the Investigadores mover  that  the burden vehicular is another factor important in the training of pretty and for this is thick  the individual a  of the ground the pavimento must go  always in relationship with the burden vehicular and ensure  to  is  Valencian  to  avoid  the  is train  pretty frecuentemente .
Raphael Herrera warned that even is a to grips and work on the asphalt for example the emulsiones asfálticas that  the other countries already  are relations  even in  the market and Youth reparar the  pretty with easily and without need  the use highest temperatures .
What him wilfully to the candidate the Valle  order be  to new señorita Colombia .
Análisis the are factors  the incidieron  order  to Melina Ramírez Serna not alcanzara  the maximum of Señorita  Colombia .
The Valle receives his title number of recounted .
Indeed new  the Valle of Cauca  being  is to the wish to the maximum of Señorita  Colombia .
This increasingly Melina Ramírez Serna is had  that  shaping  with be the  to podio  the ganadoras lucir the maximum of silver and the broadband that  the acreditan as new recounted the Colombia .
With the result Resources anoche in Cartagena  where  the señorita Atlantic is alzó  to the maximum and the cetro the department  already sum titles of seat and Melina  is a to the legión the women vallecaucanas  is the state closely  of the maximum but that were proclamas princesas between them Valdés Ospina Benoit 1947 , Clara Domínguez Borrero 1949 , Patricia Bellini Ayala 1979 , Longwy Álvarez 1981 , Rose Mary Alzate 1983 , Olga María Arenas 1987 , Leila Blanque 1988 , Mónica Evers 1989 , María Consuela Pinedo 1990 , Diana Isabel Romero 1993 , Giselle Garcés Aljure Frassoni , Catalina Giraldo preparing , Stephanie Garcés Aljure Opportunities . .
Today the great question  the many are doing is What  wilfully .
Because the result represents  the defeat the  to  great favorita that  the individual presentation proved that her had everything to  be the new Señorita Colombia not in vain was  elected Reina the  to Police and better Rostro Jolie the Vogue whole  the get reinas as Taliana Vargas or Natalia Navarro cast is  way  the maximum of Señorita  Colombia .
The first factor  to  is viewed key the  to decision  the requirements the jury the designarla scene Princess assurance in the not convenció  to their response to the question &apos; What is that book  the you that packaging  the you and for what benefit  we Martín Murillo Gómez the  to Carreta Literaria Leamos .
At interrrogante the vallecaucana replied .
&apos; read a that rather  the  of  literature that the  is a way of culturalizarse  definitive believe that the book that me cause  to childhood  a &apos; The principito &apos; is a book quite discontentment .
Currently leo &apos; Crimen and punishment &apos; is a book the literature universal  the all  us read and today  in day am read  the book the Irene Nemirovski a Russian  a  book hermosísimo  that is way &apos; The ardor the  to  blood  &apos; .
A answer  the little about First by  the term &apos; culturalizarse &apos; and second  for not explain  to function concrete  of what function each one of the books that citó  the have preparations .
But the conclude to ceremony Melina manifested justly relaxed and happy  with  the result &apos; of universe  a sabio passes  what is has  that pass .
And for all the people for favour lean a poquito  &apos; The principito &apos; is a great book &apos; .
Among the hipótesis  outskirts is says  that the Valle the quemó the favoritismo .
A journalist bogotano insinuó that  the that  the theories the ovacionada and the candidate to  is my all the  prizes preliminary challenge the gastronomía Oster vote the public for  the best suit non-industrial and Reina  inner-city &apos; that adherents  the celos the to other candidate , estresó to the cases and for this not brilló  in  the scene &apos; .
And that is notó  in its first presentation in suit the bathing in the seaside of Hilton and  their two desfiles in the memorable a coronación .
Although in two lució safe is notó  that you missing  the  strength and the momentum that the representatives of Magdalena and Atlantic with Valley .
Ariel Osorio journalist the  programme &apos; As in  house &apos;  of  wave RCN issuer  that  the fact the that Melina would abroad recounted &apos; checked to the candidate to more prizes by during the tender not  is as dominated &apos; .
Moreover Valle is prepared to what Finally very esquiva with the press and  there is equivocó .
Another hipótesis is that Valle  not annexed convince to jury on its interest towards  the work social  the  is in recent the essence of Concurso National the Belleza .
For something two days before the  in  election the jury international Lucy Doughty manifested that  them buscaban  a woman comprometida with the requirements social  of their pais .
&apos; The beauty speak not enough to a Miss Colombia there is indifferently stronger beyond the  that  experience and monitoring  the his  sensitivity social  the before the imply the Concurso  bank already involucradas  in projects &apos; mover .
also  is especula  that Valle pecó for their flaws in  the derriere and the fibrosis that is he notaba  in its abdomen but is planetary therefore precisely the jury the proposal as the candidate la Belleza natural la with  the body most healthy good food and work physical responsible .
The preparador the reinas Borg Hernán Orozco recognises that Melina  not had  the best body  the  in best &apos; but its  problem the fibrosis in  the abdomen that  the  truth for my not was very notoria him nor points the  of  last day &apos; .
Among therefore the journalist Guido Hoyos the  to magazine Cromos viewed that  the error the  to vallecaucana  were the speeches quirúrgicas that is practicó .
&apos; The cirugías are well  but Valle  not  is the rape  do .
Their body never was his strong and here  are the cobraron &apos; .
For this prize  is why first time handing  the Concurso  National the  to Belleza  then the parade in  suit the bathing  emerged a debilitating vaticinio that anoche  is crisis therefore  is aim  the  this  was the contentillo that Raymundo you concedía  to Melina for not respect  the taste of the maximum .
Realidad or not what true is that Melina since today starts  a year the reinado not as sovereign  but as recounted position  to him offered  to possibility  the  risk to Colombia  the one of the certámenes international for  designation  the own Concurso National .
However her examined to the history as a  to the reinas that the despite the his arrollador step for Cartagena him was esquiva  the maximum .
So was the work of caleño  the designated the cadáver the Alfonso Cano .
A lofoscopista the Cali interests to  the history as the man to confirmed  the death of &apos; Alfonso Cano &apos; .
The work the state officials  is key .
The past the November one lofoscopista  of CTI  the Cali interests to  the history as the man to confirmed  the identity of maximum head of the Farc &apos; Alfonso Cano &apos; to  through the cotejo the  their fingerprints digital .
Indeed the seven lofoscopistas that laboran  the  to seccional the CTI  this week him tocaba  the Question the  &apos; availability &apos; to Eliazar González a man of Rico Tejada that has been working in  the area of research justice .
At begin his career González worked in municipalities  the Chocó  where many times had to internarse you more  the five days in  the jungle for reaching the website in  the that were  the bottom that ought a  at .
In the  is westwards to the capital of Valle and  then the land the courses necessary  is especializó  in lofoscopia  the  is the study of the fur the fricción is say  to the palmas the to hands and the are ground .
The week the operational  against alias Alfonso Cano to Eliazar him warned  to 22nd  clothes minimum for three days .
Something large him anticipated .
The Friday in the night went to  the Cauca in  a grant since Palmira .
Sabía that publishes identify two Basra and the  is sospechaba  that one  the them was  the man to Schuman the  to guerrilla more former  the world for this is you hoursu'\u2019sleep  that 22nd  the card decadactilar  the psychologist Ricardo Sáenz his real name . .
However when arrived with  the team of research the website in  the that is bringing  the cadáver not what Interinstitutional  we his therefore physical  therefore was very different to the  president seen  in the media the communication .
was without barba clothing as a fresh of the area without glasses and  a more five-year-old .
But the fingerprints not mienten .
Acompañado the  to lupa galtoniana ink a transplantador and a linterna Eliazar comparó the tiny fingerprints of cadáver with the  of the card .
Their eye not you falló  was &apos; Alfonso Cano &apos; .
constantly same night the man oriundo  of Rico Tejada was the mid-July the confirmarle the minister of defence  Juan emperor Pinzón that  with  is was the maximum head of the Farc .
In search  of the left .
For a dactiloscopista the  to Sijín  the Cali the recognition that was the president Juan Manuel Santos to Eliazar González in the wheel the press for  the operational  against &apos; Cano &apos; is very significant .
Many People not knows our work .
The dactiloscopia is a science accurate without margin  the error that can reach to  be key  the  to  resolution  the crimes .
Apart the  to labelling  the bottom the lofoscopistas support investigations for crimes  as hurto and Symeou and Chicago  the identity of the people capturadas .
When is aliens  many  of similar cédulas wishful or not have entered .
We them  take  to impression dactilar and the  unfamiliarity in the basis of data .
The researchers counted that  the  one case  the hurto  him tocó validity a part of wall the  to house therefore in this place the ethnicity president supported their momentum for cash a box strong full  the joyas and money .
&apos; The walls  are difficult because not are aside apropiadas for cash a  impression dactilar but in this case of obtaining the left the whole of labour and identify  the criminal that in participated  the different hurtos &apos; reminded .
The fingerprints also can  codecision or reaffirm suspected in cases the charge .
ago little harvests to a man dead with bottles  the licor  to their  make .
For half of the research is determinó  that  a family could be suspect the crime and indeed  a deep in the bottleneck coincidía .
Although this  not ensure  to hear been the murderer  yes  we ubica  in the scene of crime .
A dactiloscopista of CTI mover  that  the are these &apos; are fingerprints being sacan with reactivos chemical or  physical &apos; .
When paper is used a transplantador or tape for levantarlas .
Then the of the tiny are flown to the Asif that is the basis of data delincuencial or to the Registraduría .
&apos; The problem is that there is many dead-end Criminalizing &apos; pursued the expert of CTI .
Aclaró that not all is as is shows  in  the programme the television CSI .
So as not all this is easy  a gold not all this is being heart is again imprint .
However if can  be usada  if is initially  the cotejo dynamic .
The &apos; indignados &apos; defy to authorities  the  New York .
Centenares the  demonstrators is intimidatory  foremost the square Zuccotti for acampar .
A great part atendió  of order  the desalojo and is westwards to a paruqe realistic .
The mentally the movement Ocupa Wall Journal desafiaron this Tuesday  is the authorities of New York the  treat the  possible to new under the above-mentioned the  to order justice to the square the Manhattan the where were desalojados  the following and the treat the occupy other park  the  to Great Manzana .
Centenares the  demonstrators is intimidatory  foremost the square Zuccotti where wanted  access thanks  to a agenda judiciary  the  allows  to the &apos; indignados &apos; again to acampar  the  of place while the other hand the movement replied the desalojo remain a volume more the north of the city  where the misunderstanding new arrests .
&apos; Our idea is that if the court not  us allow again to acampar  the  to  square us we are installing  in some other place and continuaremos  the battle legal for again the Zuccotti  case as  to via  the tables and demonstrations peaceful &apos; said each  of the speakers of  movement &apos; Ocupa Wall Journal &apos; Mark Bray .
Bray detalló that  the answer to the &apos; indignados &apos; the desalojo the  his camp dictated personally by  the mayor of New York Gahler Bloomberg arrived until the courts  where  the jueza Lucy Billings demarches a order  to prohibía  the evacuation forzosa of place and she  to the demonstrators to extra acampados .
Moreover the  &apos; indignados &apos; procedieron to the occupation of a new park nearing in the confluencia the to céntricas criminals Journal and the Sexta Avenida very closely the  to first the end Holland  to unite  New York and New Jersey and property  the  in  mass the Trinity Church .
At least during  a hour council occupy  to  place but then the Police vote and 17,900  to stop to  some  the are demonstrators  although Bray not  could confirm the figure concrete while assured the Efe that when  the several journalists  that were also esposados .
The organisation ensures that are several hundreds of people the to  is consequence due to that point  where already  is been desplazado  a delegation of leaders religious  in shows the support to the treaty of movement and the that treaty  the mediar with the Police .
Among therefore the square Zuccotti don is a recinto the property privada- continues doors to the expected to the wise the  to  view justice shortly for  this same Tuesday in the that is how analyse to  legality  the  in evacuation the this following .
Some the are demonstrators IDPs until there portaban and repartían  to  these hours copies  of this agenda judiciary and even the entregaban  to the players to custodiaban  the square what is set &apos; some small clashes &apos; pursued Bray cast Bossi  the  some  official propinaron coups to the demonstrators .
The agenda judiciary prohibe to the authorities desalojar  to the members of Ocupa Wall Journal or implement &apos; laws  the  is publicaron  after the that  mismanage  the occupation or ban  to the demonstrators  access to new the  volume with shops or other properties  that using previously &apos; .
The Mayor Bloomberg pursued foremost the press that because  is  it agenda judiciary  the city president this  of reapertura the space the  public and to the demonstrators to the that  alerted  without however that the laws local not  you Youth liable to establish  with shops  the campaign and sacks  the off .
The regidor coccidiostats personally the desalojo  a  to all  the following the  in  square Zuccotti a operation the  of the are 17,900 to make the latest and the  is  decided because the demonstrators were &apos; violations the law &apos; .
Bloomberg mover  that only  the agenda of evacuar the square because one  is was becoming &apos; in  a place in  the that the people not venÍan to protest  but to violate the laws and in some cases to  do harm to other people &apos; already is &apos;  some business habÍan received threats &apos; and the neighbours temÍan &apos; for their quality of life &apos; .
&apos; The desalojo the this following  was asqueroso and shows  that the  is fund Bloomberg is more interested in preserving  the interests financial  the are the  workers American &apos; added  the spokesman the movement who unauthorised  the  mayor of &apos; faltar the respect to the freedom of expression &apos; .
The responsible the  &apos; Ocupa Wall Journal &apos; indicaron also is considerably organise &apos; large actions &apos;  for  the Thursday in cooperation with organisations All and unions  for commemorate  the two months to gall the protests that  remarkable  the  of  September .
Pamela Anderson be to desecration María in  a special navideño the television .
Together to institution Bublé and other outstanding Canadians aparecerá in  the programme the television &apos; It la Lloyd to Russell Peters Christmas &apos; the next the December .
The Canadian Pamela Anderson has  been the assistant the Bennett Allen in &apos; Home Improvement &apos; socorrista in &apos; Baywatch &apos; conejita the  &apos; Playboy &apos; the wife of musician  the diplomat Tommy Lee and now  the 1960s and model will the desecration María in  a special the  Christmas the  to television Canadian .
The channel private  the television CTV announced today that Anderson together with the &apos; crooner &apos; baladista Gahler Bublé and other outstanding Canadians aparecerá in  the programme the television &apos; It la Lloyd to Russell Peters Christmas &apos; the next the December  eyes life to a very particular desecration María .
CTV distribuyó today images  the  programme the television in the that Anderson also known for the wider distribution the Internet the  for video casero pornographic in  the that  appears together with their then  husband  the battery  the  &apos; Mötley Crüe &apos; Tommy Lee permeating vestida as the desecration María quo in  a pesebre  a muñeco  that represents  the Jesus .
In the  scene Peters a known cómico Canadian the origin  Indian  is recently actuó as presentador  the part of the entire &apos; My Violent Torpedo European Truth &apos; the Charlie Sheen permeating as José .
Moreover the Anderson and Peters  the special navideño the CTV account of the Lunes  Canadian Bublé that the end of March  being married in morning connection with the model Argentina Luisana Lopilato and the not is strange to the controversy .
Recently Bublé phoned &apos; zorra &apos; to the US Valentin Kardashian during one the their concerts in  New York .
Japan renace after  the earthquake .
The GDP growth  a % thanks  to consumption ensuring and puts  last the  to  spiral  the caídas that whereas  the March .
Since the past month the March the economy Japanese is chamber paralizada still convaleciente  for  the devastating earthquake  the devino in a crisis nuclear  the worst disaster  that padeció  the country nipón since  the II  War World .
The initial estimates the government of Tokio cifraron the losses materials in million the dollars one  coup  that despite  the difficult context global seems been atenuado .
After the three quarters consecutivos of caídas the  central of Producto Interior Bruto between July and  September  constructive for pass web definitive the GDP are incrementó  a % in comparison with the accelerator previous and a % in rate anualizada .
The recorded in  the second accelerator for the Japanese the  year fiscal begins in March the -  supposed addition the main pace of growth since  the period of January  the March the . .
The recovery is explains  in part for  the repunte the  to purchasing  the machinery for  restored the areas asoladas  for  the seísmo and the front tsunami .
Indeed fact the companies statistic their investments in a % face  to declining the % in expenses the capital to  is  observed  the January  to  March the  first abandoned later the six months of startling ininterrumpidas .
However the real revulsivo the  to  economy  follow not  is  based exclusively in  the momentum non-Keynesian that taught  the best the crisis for strengthen or rebuild the infrastructure servirse  the to  sector for grow since zero .
Japan has monster on all thanks  to the growth of consumption illegal  that  the  is  currently represents  the % of GDP japonés .
This finds escaló a % empujada for  the increase the expenditure in vehicles travel and activities  the leisure .
The stigma of yen .
Tokio is that encomendado  the market internal when the yen the  currency nipona is that become  the one of the &apos;  values refuge &apos; escogidos for the investors to fear  the  of crisis the debt in  the area euro and the shady projections the euro a privileged  to overvalued  as a losa in the accounts in the companies exportadoras .
With a  all  more strong  the  products  findings more expensive in  the abroad one  seriously reverse to a country whose online the flotación economic next closures for the health of the large groups ITC .
Toyota or Sony  for example achacaron their weak results between July and  September  to the prices of yen .
Meanwhile the markets continuing with their asedio to the countries inner-city  of the EU the government of Yoshihiko Noda not low  the on-call .
&apos; There that be to  the risks that standards  as the deterioration of  a economies  foreign  the  impact of the floods in Thailand and the fast matter of yen  &apos; pointed yesterday the secretary of state the policy  framework Motohisa Furukawa .
And in effect the prospects not findings encouraging .
The Organisation for the Cooperation and the Development Economic OECD precisó that  the majority of the countries Member have to September  signs more nítidos  of threat  economic .
The indicator that anticipa  the points of ancient  the  to  economy global commissions  the highlighted that the main powers is are frenando .
already is nor four décimas until the points face  to the  of August .
The zone euro even  is situó  why below  the  to average  the  is  position  the  of  level , the precipitarse eight décimas until the points .
Athens again to herbivores the beyond .
Papadimos says that is aprobarán  the  adjustments but the conservative not firmarán circumstances compromise writing .
With the premiums the risk peripheral disparadas and the uncertainty reinstalada in the parqués Greece continues enredando in  the laberinto that leads towards the  is the  to  great crisis the debt integration .
The feeling the that  the &apos; consensus &apos; the new Government the  transition heleno next more imposed  for the demands of Brussels  the  for a  right-of-centre convincing the to forces political begins to permanently  have facts .
Meanwhile the new first minister Lukas Papadimos advertía yesterday that not is alternative  to the reforms structural and the  to  period the one day agreed  in its designation perhaps is  hanging short for  set  the leader of party Conservative New Democracy Antonis Samaras aseguraba that not respaldará  new measures the austerity in circumstances case and reiteró  their demand  the  new elections to the date shortly  the  of  February .
&apos; The main task of this Government  is enforcing the decisions of the summit of  the October &apos; aseveró Papadimos the opening yesterday  a debate parliamentary  is hope morning with a vote the confidence to  new Executive .
A package with programmes for speed the employment the  reform of code  refunded of the officials and new measures against the tax fiscal vision the first initiatives .
However the message of Samaras not despeja the beyond on its position &apos; We have committed  to help the government of transition but not  we  have committed  to nothing more &apos; .
The leader Conservative was a pasito  more  far  the his pulso to the EU and the IMF the bodies to must desbloquear the billion to Athens needs to urgent and showed clear  that not move their seen good  the chance letter of compromise the compliance  the are adjustments .
But the  Commission European escocida still  we  the  impact lie for  the órdago of referendum the Papandreu reiteró yesterday that his demand is clear not desbloqueará  the aid if the new Government and the leaders of the main parties helenos not firman &apos; a compromise writing without ambiguity and we before  possible &apos; .
The spokesman the Affairs vice-chairman Amadeu Altafaj mover  that the inspectors of the Kinshasa regresarán &apos; very soon &apos; to Athens for easier with  the new Government &apos; what is being given to pay the sixth pre-financing &apos; the billion although either there date final .
The madeja Greek still is balance  to pink .
Doña Sofia &apos; are instruments  to  the progress and the hope &apos; .
The Reina emphasised the place &apos; preponderante &apos; the Spain in relationship the  this type  of finance .
Spain &apos; has reached  a place preponderante to level global  in  the role of the Microfinanzas &apos; .
The Reina Doña Sofia reminded yesterday that  the country is the become the these two  latest decades in  the second donor the  proposed in relationship the  this intrumento  the cooperation whose &apos; essence &apos; pointed is dates  in  be a &apos;  instrument for  the progress social  the justice and the hope of a future better for all the humanity target-based in the confidence in the that  human &apos; .
The Reina supposedly yesterday  the Greens Summit World of Microcrédito  the Valladolid with  the convincing the that  said  not is doubt &apos;  the that  she type of operations  the  &apos; absolutely viable &apos; for  achieving  the Millennium of  Millennium order for Nations UN with horizon and &apos; very particularly in all the reason as goal the  reduction to the half of volume the people to live  with income ashamed  to a dolar day , with the that is scorning  the  &apos; threshold the poverty &apos; .
Spain &apos; continues working &apos; for broadened  the network of beneficiaries  &apos; to all the corners of planet and helping this task with &apos; responsibility &apos; pointed Doña Sofia that expectation  the to  initiatives and  contributions  the  is originen  in the Summit that is prolongará so the Thursday &apos; Retailers the creation of new capacities and best opportunities for the most poor and on all for the women &apos; main charity of  these loans .
are &apos;  many the achievements infrastructural &apos; and &apos;  many the challenges to the that us facing &apos; .
The Summit of Microcrédito  being begs not only as a forum the debate but also like to platform since  the that links &apos; two metas Chad &apos; .
So Their Majestad mover  that is ambition to the to end the that the millions of families poor  the around accedido the state services financial and the one million of these homes wealth-creators the threshold of poverty the  of the are ragamuffin .
The momentum in the view  of the microcréditos in Spain and in  the rest of world &apos;  has followed  the path generated ago years  the way forerunners &apos; for Muhammad Yunus resalto Doña Sofia as a &apos; act to justice and recognition  due &apos; .
And is that described  the father of this tool as a &apos; handy admirable in the cause universal  of the fight against the poverty &apos; whose work knows since ago years when  the Reina  boarding to Bangladesh for understanding on the ground his policy of loans .
To this experience him trialogues  a year more later  the first Summit World in  Washington and other events as the celebrados in Côte the Côte in Canada and &apos;  in  all  have shown conservatives the progress evolution &apos; , mover Their Majestad , whose link with  this project him sway yesterday the calificativo the  to &apos; keep to family  &apos; congregada in Valladolid for part  the  &apos; baquero the are  poor &apos; .
Finally the Reina Doña Sofia completed its intervention animando to the present to participate the  of debate and in the search  of solutions for important  the  to  fight against the poverty .
&apos; Imperativo Ethical &apos; .
The Minister the Affairs Foreign Guyana Jiménez warned that  the solidarity &apos; is a imperativo Ethical &apos; for all state democratic .
In this respect acute  the be a mistake Lienemann the cooperation with paises  the tracks of development the épocas the bonanza economic already is  it  is &apos;  duty permanent &apos; .
Jiménez viewed that the microcréditos  Neurodegenerative &apos; a policy serious and buildings dedicada  to  have the poverty &apos; and now &apos; more  is never &apos; the  governments of  countries developed must work under criteria the solidarity and not stop  to one make  victim  the are cuts .
For Spain the material prevent  to &apos;  a  of the main lines of cooperation the development &apos; .
For his part of Secretary  the state of Cooperation International Soraya Rodríguez aplaudió &apos; the success &apos;  of  give  &apos; confidence &apos; to the people &apos;  oppressed to those all close the doors &apos; and the mayor of Valladolid Archduke Javier Ricardo the  to Riva only the welcome  to the present to a city  that &apos; opens their doors contagiada of spirit  solidarity &apos; .
The CDU proposes choose to President European for suffrage universal .
The first day of conference the  in Union Cristiano-demócrata CDU the Monday the November in thumbs  the thus without large difficulties for Angela , Chancellor and Madam  the party cristiano-demócrata .
Initially not  is in including  the  of agenda the day the future of Europe  but the issue is payment  in autumn the  particular to satisfy the are fighters  the publicity that  the political of government  a currently too  little strict with the Greeks and could  employing in  a future with the Italians .
The motion on  the presidency of the Commission European proposal for the direction is adopted  almost  by unanimity .
Indeed the bank  very only  is registered nine votes in against and ten abstenciones .
The standing ovation  the several minutes  that is ganaron  to their speeches Angela and after several hours Wolfgang Schäuble the eurófilo Minister the  mint despejan any doubt possible .
The idea key of the Chancellor and the  in motion are short  in  a motto the  answer to the crisis &apos; not is least Europe  but more Europe &apos; .
not only because Europe it  is peace  but also because &apos; nine million of jobs depend directly of euro  &apos; .
For the Chancellor &apos; has come to hour the opening road the Europe &apos; .
This could motivational in  changes  the treaty of Lisbon for allowing strengthen the control of the Union European on the political budgetary  the are countries  the  in area  the euro although also could desembocar in the election of President  the  to  Commission European for suffrage universal for &apos; respect a visible to Europe  &apos; .
In everything  case that is a  of the proposals to the motion adopted  for  the Congress clearly idea  the Wolfgang Schäuble .
However doubt is little  likely  to the Everything blended quickly to a agreement on this change radical Great Britain is shows  hostile foremost him and the leaders of the CDU  seem would that Nicolas Sarkozy also .
But the court is on the ground .
For another side the bank have rejected  by a majority won  the proposal to ponderar the  weight of each country of the directive of Bank Central European in role  the  weight of each economy what opened evidently reforzaría the  weight of Germany .
Ansiosa for calmar  the encouraged in  the internal the  his  party the Chancellor has grown the  reference to Konrad Adenauer and Helmut Kohl But either is that very tried gain to their conference the coast of the &apos; small &apos; countries Europeans or the are countries  in difficulties prepared  to criticise the  to byword Germany .
Although the motion on Europe yarns a paragraph to the importance of &apos; the friendship franco-alemana &apos; Angela not has mentado  to  France .
Salvo the  Last .
courtu'\u2019s that ago  two centuries is in a bloody battle in thumbs .
Indeed fact was a  in the derrotas most humiliating to  the army the Rostopchine .
The doorsteps of fraud the to lowest you disease .
After the  benefits the UMP and the government emprenden  is offensive against the lowest for disease .
Nicolas Sarkozy consist the Tuesday the November in Bordeaux order visiting  to box responsible the are benefits family and use  a in particularly the issue already recurrent been ,  the  to  fight against the fraud social and the ayudantía .
Moreover for restructure stand offensive  that part  the  of will the saving the way buildings but even it of  is a penetrate the  to campaign presidential  the right-wing  the majority wants excesses to the lowest for disease .
In first place to implement cuts budgetary  the government provides impose to the workers the sector private  a quarter day of we before  the power tonightu'\u2019s  the lowest .
In final unless that creating  a convention the company  specific  a worker  that caiga ill perdería four days of salary  a  say a minimum of % the their  income month .
They talking to a measure that could lift a wave of ira  but that portion savings million of euros according them Echos .
Moreover accrue accompanied of other measure with a reach  more symbolic impose to the officials a  day of we  without pay the  case of low labour until the moment not have we face  will the three days to  is apply  to  the sector private . .
Meanwhile is debaten  these issues the majority again to  put on the table equally the  issue of fraud this time looking towards the abuses of the lowest labour .
&apos; Van to incrementarse considerably the  controls and addition  if is Anglo-Saxon to someone planned a fraud  case-by-case reembolsar the cuantías &apos; warned Xavier Bertrand speaking in  the RTL the Sunday the November .
At Like that  the are  other cases the effects of announcement these slightly desproporcionados for the reality of fraud the fight the lowest labour .
Indeed fact since is initially  a  is constant  the this  issue and is the ordnance different offensive policies  that normally  have prioritised emerged .
The French not enferman more  is in  the rest of Europe .
handed with attention  the  first place the figures national .
According the Institute French the  to security social CNAM , in  is abonaron  more the millions of euros the benefits for lowest labour .
According the Institute French the research and other the economy the  in health  the benefits for the lowest representaron in  the % of expenditure health , ascendiendo to million the euro .
Indeed this sum  is % accounted  to the lowest for  maternity and for accidents labour while the  on %  is connected to the lowest for disease figure  that exists  the billion of euros .
For massive the % of expenditure  the health .
In the French have cogido  a average the days of low labour , cope to the ,  according a  study of group Alma Consulting .
A average  the  without doubt behind non-availability another survey tell-tale in  for  the Syrian the management professional Monster.com mostraba that  the % of the employed  French encuestados rushing that not had cogido not a only day  the lowest for disease .
Another study in  this case the  of Assurance maladie points  to the % of the lowest for disease broke a long-term inferior to days the % of between and days  the % of between days and a month the % of between one and three  months and the % were more extended .
If the carry to our neighbours Europeans the  workers French  not are more propensos  to the other areas to catch lowest for disease .
A long-term study conducted  in  for two researchers of CNRS 7  to between and the rate of absence global of work therefore  for reasons  the health as the other type oscilaba in  France  between the % and the % face  to a % and a % in Denmark , a % in Kingdom UK or between  a % and a % in the Netherlands .
The fraud in the lowest for disease not  is particularly significant  in comparison with the work not declared .
The fraud has a reach fairly limited .
The Strengthening the  to  legislation since ,  the  for the  controls the to lowest you disease  the most of days that sistemáticos .
In the billion of inspections the CNAM comprobó in  a % of the bodies to the lowest of shorter long-term were &apos; unjustified or too lots &apos; is say , 37.050 cases .
In the  case of the lowest of more the days untreated to inspections sistemáticas are  viewed  the  of % the are cases were &apos; rightly adaptados or injustificados  a figure  the real as starting  a  total of millions 27  to . .
For massive is region  a  total of cases &apos; injustificados &apos; between several million of workers  the cogieron one low for disease .
However doubt a figure minor  in comparison by example with  the work in black .
According the concerned the  to UMP Dominique Tian author the  for report on this issue in June  time practice rashness should losses  the income tax the between and million  the euro the  year is say  more  that  the cost total  of the benefits for lowest and without doubt considerably more  is the fraud in  this Finally field .
Papadémos Greece preferably implement a  new plan the adjustment .
Greece goes to need a new plan the adjustment  order politics his economy .
This is  it  that declared  the Monday the November the Prime Minister Repubblica Papadémos foremost the Parliament  added also is the one day that is the places to their Government the  union not bastarían  to  achieve stand objective .
&apos; For perform efforts  to wear the  to  recovery  the  of  economy them  of support the citizens partners Europeans and a new programme the adjustment budgetary &apos; declared the leader of government  the pronunciaba his  first speech public during the opening of debate on the vote in confidence  the Parliament the Wednesday .
The execution the to  decisions not for the Summit the  to  area the euro the  of October this  is &apos; main task &apos; of  new government project  the  &apos; moment the game &apos;  the permanencia of country the  to  area the euro added .
In consequence Papadémos has scheduled  to  the lack public  of country is Russiau'\u2019s &apos; until around  the % &apos; of GDP before the end of year after achieve a % in and a % in . .
The right-wing decline new measures the austerity .
Antonis Samaras the head of group the right-wing daring the Monday his support to the measures already Charges for try escape to the crisis the  in debt  but has announced  to their party not  is comprometerá  to measures the austerity additional .
&apos; not authorised  the favour  of new measures &apos; stated during a meeting with the members of their party &apos; New Democracy &apos; .
Señaló that was the agreement with the objectives of reduction the lack and the  in debt it as the fight against the funded but in against the kind policy  is fanaticism  the recovery economic .
To Olli Rehn Commissioner European the Affairs vice-chairman and Monetarios  the emergency of the  IMF and the EU not desbloquearían  the loan a million of euros necessary without  a guarantee written of support the all the parties to the measures possibility Di Samaras has answer  the his word  would  enough have to not firmaría nothing to cause the  of pressure external .
A committee  the experts claims  to must legalizarse  the euthanasia and the suicide face .
The Canadians sub-Saharan denied the death according points to report the  in  society Royal  the  Canada .
In fight the care palliative  the committee excellently  that the  governments the institutions of assistance  health and the doctors colaboren for ensure  the best care palliative and not only in the cases of cancer .
The society Canadian lives denied  the death .
Indeed fact that only % of the Canadians moment ready  to speak  with their doctor on the conditions in the target die and leave provisions the perhaps effect .
They talking to a  the to  conclusions  the  for achievement report the  in  society Royal  the  Canada that counted  with the participation of six experts the various fields included the Ethical the  legal and the doctor .
This committee advised  on Government  the  treaties the Licence criminal  the  meant that is enable  the suicide face and the euthanasia  when the patient is  proposed  to option and has been tribunal competent for taken the decision .
For start the experts citan  a survey recent  the  to  Economist Chinamasa Unit that comparó  the quality of the death in countries the world .
Although Canada ranks the tenth number the  study Other  that  said  is medicalización  the  to  death the  Canada has insatiable  a  culture in the that the people have afraid  the  treat the issue of the death &apos; .
With medication or not the % of the Canadians not have access to care palliative according indicate the experts earmarked  for the society Royal  the  Canada .
And to  despite  the that  the majority of the Canadians pressing die in  house the % of them ends falleciendo in  the hospital .
In whole the rate most high-speed  in  this respect the tragic Québec where a % of the deaths is produces  in  the hospital .
In what incorporates the  sensitive issue of the euthanasia and the suicide face the authors of report arrived  to like conclusions  to not  both  to  the position of government federal  the for the declared that not prove amending the Licence criminal in relationship with the euthanasia and the suicide face .
However according the experts to also  have studied the situation in all the countries  where spoke practices have  been legalizadas or not constitute  a crime criminal not is none proof of the  fact the that not is considered  a crime criminal not has for a abuse of their  implementation is say  to secure the  in  euthanasia or the suicide face with people not competent or the  not job prioritised his consent .
Jocelyn Downie coautora of report tenders yesterday for teleconferencia  the  to contrary  is observaban  more careful in Especially countries where not  is have  legalised  the euthanasia nor the suicide face .
&apos; In Canada is Armsu'\u2019process  the euthanasia although  is a illegal  &apos; .
&apos; In Canada is Armsu'\u2019process  the suicide face although  is a illegal  &apos; explains Jocelyn Downie .
The Canadians favourable to the euthanasia .
keep to  the % of the Canadians  already  is the Essentially  to favour  the  of  euthanasia  projects  that the is  portion to the people whose death protecting next alleviate his suffering  according points  to survey  the Angus Reid ; in . .
Moreover the %  believes that the fact the Metock the euthanasia not move to understand  that the life of the people elderly or exterminated has least  value .
In As to the people to have practicado  the suicide face the % of the encuestados position  to do should It a process against them .
In relationship with the peacekeeping or interruption  the  to assistance health  to a patient the  situation not  is that clear according indicate the authors of report .
Moreover between their recommendations skills that is footprint  the  of  Licence criminal  the  to  withdrawal  the are care health  if is the rejected legally not it  a crime criminal .
The committee  the experts calls also is being forme the are professionals health the  of duty the  respect the fact the that  a patient  rejection the assistance to end the his life without fear the taking  to a concession .
In fight the care palliative  the committee excellently  that the  governments the institutions of assistance  health and the doctors colaboren for ensure  the best care palliative and not only in the cases of cancer .
For Finally in relationship with the sedating  palliative or terminal  the for  is used extensamente in the institutions sanitation  of Canada the committee calls  that unless  the appropriate for reduce the pain  physical is unpleasant  as euthanasia and is submitted to the ourselves  procedures .
Other experts manifiestan reserves .
Other experts of field the law of health already have secrecy their reserves in relationship with the conclusions of report the are experts  the  in  society Royal  the  Canada .
Pierre Deschamps specialist in  law the  of health  the described the &apos;  extreme &apos;  the position of the experts to firman the  report between other  things because not  is limited  the  practice of the euthanasia to the sick in  stage terminal .
&apos; This leaves the door open  to a situation in the that someone  is she cansado the live and strong more  the  years can borrow  aid for suicide &apos; Other Deschamps that consultó yesterday a short of report .
The Mr Deschamps emphasised also is the authors of report these  give priority the  to autonomy personal on any other value  the  of society .
Now well adds  that &apos;  the society there labels and restrictions &apos; .
The specialist in  law the  of health Margaret Somerville also expressed its &apos; strong opposition &apos; with regard to the conclusions of report  the rebellion the  &apos;  observation to favour  the  of  euthanasia  &apos; .
Margaret Somerville that also belongs to the society Royal  the  Canada limit in jeopardized the trial particularly is needed the abuse in individual countries where  the euthanasia and the suicide face  are legal as the Netherlands and in Oregón .
The King the  Jordan  highlights the President The Asad to leave the power .
Damascus concession a &apos; plot &apos; .
Syria is  every time more observations .
The partisanos the Bachar The Asad is demonstrators yesterday foremost  the building of Ministry  the Affairs Foreign .
Yesterday is Valencia  the pressure diplomatic on the Syria the Bachar The Asad that with  the support the Russia the resiste and concession  the there a &apos; plot &apos; against the country .
Two days later the  in  suspension the  Syria for part  the  of League Árabe the Union European has reinforced the sanctions  against Damascus while the Turkey and Jordan vecinas the  Syria are they secrecy  are favour  in  improved  the power for  the President Asad .
The King Abdullah II the  Jordan  way yesterday the  first leader Arab that asked  the President Bachar The Asad that  said abandon  the power &apos;  in  Syria  where  already  have died  a cuarentena the civilians and the members of the forces of regime .
&apos; If Bachar really is concern  for their country should resign  addition  in creating the conditions necessary  for  a new phase of the life political jails &apos; stated the king of  Jordan country neighbour  of  Syria  the  to interview for the BBC .
For his part of head the  of  diplomacy Turkish Ahmet Davutoglu has shooting  to the efforts to mediation  the has permitted  Turkey since auditing  the year with  the regime Syrian Europe over the  one failure .
&apos; Those not Purely  in peace  the  to  Middle agreed  with their peoples and not be satisfacerles partirán &apos; declared excuses to Syria country neighbour with regard to opened  Turkey is  introducing  a position each time more repressed .
For his part after the decisions of the League Árabe and the  in Union European the States  United have market  the  is very &apos; reinforced the  consensus  against Asad and the actions of regime  &apos; Syrian .
&apos; The community international  the States  United the  EU the League Árabe and other countries as Turkey are  introducing a discern each time more blow &apos; with regard to the repression in  Syria Other Mark Toner spokesman the Department the state .
Meanwhile therefore already  have lost the life civilians and the least Member  the to forces the  regime in the region of Deraa  the  of  south  the  Syria  according has announced the Centre Syrian the are  rights human OSDH . .
Other two civilians  have died &apos; during bombing and tiroteos  with machine heavy-calibre in Jobar &apos; in the city asediada  of Homs according points  to NGOs .
During a wheel the press the  Minister Syrian the Affairs Foreign Walid At Mualem viewed for their part  to  the country &apos; developing towards the end of the crisis &apos; .
Moreover has reacted definite foremost the decision of the League Árabe the good  to damasco  the  their  year this opened  in its view represents &apos; a step dangerous &apos; .
Syria &apos; not flaqueará &apos; added ensures that &apos;  the complots tramados against  Syria fracasarán &apos; .
After the decision of good  the  Syria currently is League Árabe EU-USA a &apos; mechanism the protection of civilians &apos; and  ahead  send to Member  the organisations  Arab  the rights human  of the media and observers military  the country .
The Minister French the Affairs Foreign Alain Juppé also has submitted its support the maximum of observers the  to UN for contribute the protect  to the civilians face to  the repression of regime  the  in its view is within  in the &apos; paranoia &apos; .
Has scheduled to  is matters  a new meeting extraordinary  of the League morning in Rabat order put  to point the  implementation of plan the  is the  to crisis adopted  the  in  November  the positive in  particular the withdrawal of the forces armed  of the cities that are in hands the  of  opposition and the liberation of the demonstrators detainees .
The Minister Russian the Affairs Foreign Serguei Lavrov has  tribunal yesterday as &apos; wrong &apos; the decision of the League Árabe while the China instaba to Syria the implement the plan to is the  to crisis  although not manifestaba their support to  the  implementation of possible sanctions against Damascus .
Italy .
Monti calls time to the markets and handouts  to the Italians .
The future head  the government Italian Mario Monti has asked something  to time the are  markets  to fortunate  their  team and  put to implement a  programme  to include &apos; handouts &apos; diabetes to restore the credibility delayed during the past months  of government the Silvio .
The former Commissioner European bids yesterday with the parties  political and today  is Egyptian  to the trade and the patronal .
should fortunate a gabinete relatively restricted constituted by technocrats external the Parliament .
&apos; Monti has talked  the  for broad programme with numerous handouts &apos; stated Francesco Nucara spoke of one the are rich small groups parliamentary  the included in the events following have gathered to  the President of Council Prodi .
For his part of President  the  to Chamber  the Deputies Gianfranco Fini has back  the expected to Mario  Monti solicite before the Friday one  vote  of confidence the Parliament  order ensure to  the new Government gets the  enough support .
The consultations standardise with the presentation for part  the Mr Monti the  to  list power without doubt a  is dozen  the ministers the leader of state supranational Napolitano .
Monti has speakers  the nerviosismo the are  markets bursátiles and the are obligacionistas yesterday confine time .
In the  &apos; democracy there few deadlines precise &apos; for everyday a government and prepare  their programme upgrading añadiendo that  is &apos; safe a to the markets appeal paciencia and we entenderán &apos; .
Their designation why the President understood homeland the led to the markets but  then is payment  the  what  in  particular after  a fall imprevista  of the production industrial in the area of euro  the September .
The Prime Minister Prodi should create a team  mainly formed for  technocrats even if the striking that you like include to &apos; political &apos; .
The new Government preferably work until date the to next  take , viewed .
According the President the  to Chamber  the Deputies Gianfranco Fini the new Government  leverage the vote in confidence  the Parliament  before the Friday .
Monti is that committed  is that when serves  the office trabajará taking in  account the urgent and with  the aim of the Italy &apos; Quartetu'\u2019s his fading &apos; in Europe .
A spokesman the  Commissioner  European Olli Rehn has striking  to &apos; even with a new Government not variará  our diagnosis  the  of  economy Italian &apos; .
The EU convinced the that Rome  not reach their objective  the achieving  a balance budgetary in  the despite the plans to austerity  Takeover during the past months has asked the adoption of new measures the  importance .
The &apos; summoned the are Heads &apos; Italians Emma Marcegaglia that you taken the mates promotion also in the need to speed the economy &apos; project  the  for  country  the  not overall do  can respect the requirements in fulfil the lack &apos; .
Monti famous for their competition and their independence as Commissioner European 1994-2004 supposed a &apos; change the time &apos;  to  Italy after  years the &apos; berlusconismo &apos; the  &apos;  teacher &apos; symbolises &apos; the challenge of the seriousness &apos; and &apos; other Italy &apos; , according claim the editorialistas .
The great incógnita be to longevity  the  his team .
The President Napolitano wants avoid should elections conduct project  the  Italy  reason  to stand before  the April the  few million of euros the obligations the state .
A scientific Russian has colaborado to  the programme nuclear Osama .
A scientific Russian Vycheslav Danilenko has colaborado to Iran  the  of development the  for detonador  the  is can used  to a weapon nuclear according stated to Monday  a NGOs American specialised in  the risk resentment .
For the identification of researchers the Institute the drafted and Security International ISIS is  based  in a report recent  in the Agency International the  to Energy Atomic AIEA and in other documents issued by out agency  the  to UN .
The AIEA manifestaba the  week Last his &apos; serious concern &apos; for a &apos; possible dimension military &apos; of programme nuclear Osama .
According the ISIS requirement extensamente in documents the  in AIEA Danilenko old the  have worked during three decades , since the  years ,  in  a  centre nuclear military Soviet  in Tcheliabinsk Oural and would participated  in the manufacture of diamonds pale for explosion .
In or , would abandoned the  centre for everyday a company organizes  in the production of &apos;  coating &apos; in abolished .
The problems economic  of their company him would a  to joint  the  contact in , with the spot the  Iran in  Ukraine .
After is believed  that cooperó  with  the programme Osama between and ,  before the return to Russia .
In his Finally report the AIEA proposal  the are &apos; unclear signs the that Iran  is realised &apos; a system of detonación nuclear &apos; with the aid to a expert abroad to not only then well the technical but that also according  has informed  a state member  to  the Agency worked during the main part of their career in time technology  in  the programme nuclear military  the  his country the origin &apos; .
The crimes and  crimes against Muslims  the risen one % .
The crimes and  crimes against the Muslims have risen closely to a % between and while  that  in  the same period the negotiating types of violence racial and religious  the  tension or risen only slightly , according indicate to statistics Recent for  the FBI the Monday .
According spoke figures the number total  of acts the  violence committed against Muslims  the past of the to the  that  say  has grown the  for % cope  to a efficiently of %  the  of case the are  acts  the  violence  against the católicos , a reduction of %  the are crimes  against Jews and a increase global the % in the number of crimes and  crimes antirreligiosos .
The number total  of &apos; crimes the hatred &apos; has grown slightly until the cases of the speaker one %  is how to differences inferno and a % to differences religious according points to FBI .
&apos; After a decline in is worrying  that around president the increase this type  of crimes and  crimes &apos; upgrading the organisation of defence the are  rights human  Rights Stephen &apos; the increase the acts of violence against Muslims is particularly significant &apos; , added  the organisation in  a communiqué .
&apos; Rights Stephen brings much time you that the violence  against the Muslims  case as all the types of crimes the hatred roles regarded a serious violation  of the rights human &apos; adds a responsible the  to organisation Paul Legendre .
&apos; The Government US can and must esforzarse  for put  all  to these abuses &apos; adds considering that these efforts could include  a improvement the are  reports  the  of police about the &apos; crimes the hatred &apos; .
The &apos; crime the hatred &apos; in  the law federal US is heredó  the  to time the  to  fight for the rights civilians .
eventual legislation is adopted being  the death of Martin Luther King for punished  the acts of violence  women  to the race the colour of the fur the  religion the origin and now  the gradient  sexual .
Twitter changing his platform and is that more  is Facebook .
The website the microblogging Twitter Industrial the Monday the presentation of their platform for allowing the  their  users in  particular abide  the activity of the people to the that they  what opened causing is its service is connected  a little more the  of  Facebook .
A new pestaña &apos; activity &apos; and other so-called &apos; name &apos; Youth continue more legiblemente and in direct the activity of  other &apos; Twittos &apos; is say  to enforce internautas whose messages &apos; tweets &apos; continues in Internet or the him continuing  to you .
This allows know whether babies monitoring  the messages  if is abonan to accounts  new  if meddles  the odds-on somewhere message etc .
This new formula of Twitter  being probó &apos; with a small percentage of users  the August &apos; before the difundirla the rest of the network the Monday  according has signalled to the AFP the spokesman the Twitter Carolyn Penner .
Twitter that  was known for their functioning little instintivo with terms  slightly esotéricos RT for reenviar a message of other person followfriday pour recommander the suivre one autre utilisateur faisant him bonheur Places initiés Lloyd la ouvre ainsi to a public plus large avec a maniement plus comparable to celui Places réseaux grand public Facebook est Google . .
In the network the users have debated to coup  the  &apos; tweets &apos; with different views the interest of this innovation .
&apos; It useless is invasiva and is that too  is Facebook &apos; says jemb123 .
&apos; The function Actividad me goes to  help the  continue best some elements of my flow Twitter &apos; says dannykronstrom .
Austria .
Introduction the  to &apos; rule the gold &apos; budgetary in the constitution .
The Government the great  coalition Democrat democratacristiano that  is in  the power in Austria  the decision the Tuesday  include the  to constitution  a &apos; rule the gold &apos; budgetary for reduce the lack public and it avoid  is possible exacerbate  to the note sovereign of Austria for part  the to  agencies  the rating three to . .
was the own  Chancellor Democrat Werner Faymann cast announced this decision after  a Council the ministers  when  the debt  public Austrian region the % one figure very higher the limit  maximum the %  taking for  the treaty of Maastricht  but a inferior to the debts of  countries  as Italy Greece or Spain .
&apos; If is redujese  the  solvency the Austria in  a only  level  the AAA  to AA solve to pay million a EUR  more in interests every year &apos; pointed the Vicecanciller democratacristiano the Affairs Foreign , Gahler Spindelegger .
Austria mood case the  is  proposal  the  to Summit  the Brussels  to the countries Member  of the area of euro the past of October  the  her the Heads the state and the government hoursu'\u2019sleep  the inclusion before the end of ,  the  to reduction the lack public and the  in  recovery  the  balance of the accounts public in the constitution or in a Act with courage equivalent .
The recording adopted  by the government austriaco  is aproxima  the  &apos; model German &apos; project  the Germany  way the  first country European  to attitude  this type  of &apos; rule &apos; .
Before the  of lack public structural should decrease each year in a % of product  internal gross GDP and to onwards the  of lack public structural the state federal not should overcome each year the % of GDP  while the States  regional , case as the comunas , Libraries submit budgets equilibrados .
The objective prevent to the work / , the debt  public  is radical under the criterion of % taking for  the treaty of Maastricht .
A yen strong .
Noda threat to a new intervention the market of change .
The Prime Minister japonés Yoshihiko Noda warned the Tuesday the that the authorities niponas intervendrían legends the  preparations of change  if the yen engagement increasing .
&apos; Intervendremos stand as we stayed the  final time  if comprobamos  the  is produces  a exacerbated excessive &apos; in  the type of change the yen mover Noda the Senate .
The Tuesday the yen needy until achieve few levels coming  to the upper historical  the did the intervention the to  authorities japonesas  the  of October .
Orbán day Tokio  miscalculations masivamente yenes for  dollars to come the value of the all nipona  the  coordinating the way a  new record since the comparison with the currency US .
But the yen has gone remontando gradually since then perceptive  for the crisis the investors to what publicity  a &apos; value refuge &apos; in  these times inciertos  the threat economic global and the crisis the debt in Europe .
The dollar to president the cotizarse the Tuesday  to least the yenes and the euro has fallen by below the  to barra symbolic the yenes alcanzando few levels coming  to the that wave  the  final intervention .
Before the  to crisis financial  the , the dollar is cotizaba to make the yenes and the euro to more the yenes .
This explosion the  of  all nipona inflicts to the exports of archipiélago  projects  that encarece  the  products Made on-site Japan and down  the value of the income gulf the  of abroad for the companies japonesas when the occurrence to  the currency national .
&apos; Japan is  fighting why reconstruirse &apos; after  the seísmo and the tsunami of the March that devastaron  the region of Tohoku  north-east upgrading Noda , that afraid  the  of encarecimiento the yen party the root the weak  recovery .
The third power economic global  has regained  the growth in  the third accelerator a % in relationship with the accelerator previous by  first time in  a year , thanks to a increase the to exports and the consumption of the homes problem for  the disaster .
But the Prime Minister viewed that  the high level of yen not reflejaba the  &apos; foundations economic  the Japan &apos; .
The Minister the  mint Jun Azumi has asked the Bank the Japan BoJ that refers  the Tuesday one meeting  of two days of their Council the political monetary , that signal all the measures possible to debilitar the yen .
However the Governor  external the  to institution Hirohide Yamaguchi warned of the BoJ  already had that  said the measures right &apos; turning  to understand  that not should esperarse a greater flexibility monetary  the Wednesday .
During his final meeting  the end of October the institute of emission rate in five 500 of yenes 47.000 million of euros their purchases of Letras the adopting  responsibility the are 500  the yenes 519.000 million of euros the threshold of the funds to withdrawing the  to crops  the various titles financial to inundar the market of sums .
Zona of euro .
the types crecen the believes flaquean .
The risk of infection the  of crisis the  in debt continues perjudicando to the nation Europeans .
To despite the appointment of new Heads the government in Greece and Italy it as the should best figures the growth in France and Germany  the types of the countries most debilitados continuing increasing .
still industries  for  the stability of the stability of the area of euro the believes European is rooted  a little more in  the area negative the Tuesday the November .
In Paris to the hours the CAC lose a % and is puts to  points .
The Dax lose in Frankfurt  a % and in London  a % .
&apos; Bearing in  account the  new tensions in relationship with the practising the are loans  the are  States  the  to  area the euro more affected  the markets bursátiles  of all the world continuing surrendering part of their Recent earnings &apos; .
&apos; The investors nerviosos are perfectly  different the risk of infection &apos; explains Terry Pratt corridor institutional the IG Markets cited for the agency Reuters .
The Nazareth the Tokio has closed to a fall the %  MEDA the  worries the are controllers  the market in relationship with the capacity of Europe  the contain the crisis the  in debt .
&apos; Japan as the rest of world has the understanding mainland the Europe and the exchanges business realizándose in  a margin the shift small  the manner that the investors not appeal tests to the  in situation is the estabilizado &apos; viewed Mitsushige Akino workforce the funds in Ichiyoshi Investment Management .
The reaparición the to worries you the future of the area of euro  affects to the currency single  the still bajando  the Tuesday .
The euro continues in its level more under from ago a month and  half .
stab the  hours the  all integration valuable dollars a fall of % .
According the  original has lost value later  of the party the  in  Chancellor Angela the receiving that is Egyptian  the Monday in  the Congress adoptase a motion  the positive in  particular the option of the one country in difficulties saliese  in the area of euro without leave the Union European .
The types Italians and Spaniards  campaigning with creces the % .
The types crediticios of Italy and Spain  unreported to years levels very worrying .
The Tuesday for the morning the performance of the obligations Italian to  years reached  the %  while the  whole Spaniards the same deadline ofrecían  a % .
These tensions in relationship with the types of interest the are countries  the southern although also the France continuing alimentando the fears of the controllers .
The head  of future Government Italian Mario Monti has asked time to the markets for improve  the situation in Italy  the risk of risk the asfixiarse with  the weight of their debt .
The new Prime Minister Greek Repubblica Papademos for their part  has back  the  to implementation  the to  decisions not in the Summit the  to  area the euro the  of October  a  is  &apos; work main &apos; the  his government .
Spain is  position  the  of  point the mira the are  markets while that  the Sunday are Presidential there are elections legislative .
The difference the are types &apos; spread &apos; between the obligations to  years the Germany and Spain  has reached  a new maximum historic .
To the expected to the figures the growth of the area of euro .
Since the point of view statistical France has recorded  a growth economic  of %  the  of third accelerator is say  a figure more favourable  to  the % intention impulsada for  the consumption illegal .
The Insee without however has revised  to the lowest the figure of second accelerator with a reduction of % the product internal gross GDP in  place the  for figures .
Moreover the fourth accelerator is the that  really concern  to the economists .
Germany for their part  has recorded  a growth the % in the same period .
They capitalists the first forecasts to  the whole of the area of euro  the to hours  later the to the Commission European hear announced on the risk of a new recession .
policy energy .
the  facts must assert more  is the  undistorted .
If there a  subject  to do is can try no  to account considerations  of short term or simply thinking in the emotion is the political energy .
The availability and the cost of the electricity  impact directly on the power purchasing and in the competitiveness of the companies .
hard adequate  to  a meeting electoral make the moment the to on  such issues and on the place in the energy nuclear .
The debate solely chooses useful  if EU-USA  the whole of the consequences economic social and environmental  the to options proposals .
The French must shoulder his opinion in facts objectives the data conservativism .
Now that are million  a people in  the planet the growth emigration lifetime  the duplication of the  demand electricity before the ,  to least  the  is prive to a huge part of the population world  the  for element vital .
At same time will  that afflicting  the shortage  each time greater  to the resources fossil  to  continue Libya electricity continually without forget the imperiosa  need  to reduce the emissions the gases the effect greenhouse for  fight  against the change climate a  subject  to the disappeared of debate nature .
The accident the Fukushima not thrust none of these parameters .
For that Germany permanently speak in its decision the category to  the energy nuclear .
scheme not is  the  case nor  of  Belgium  the  event the ask  to the need to find  a source capable  of sustituirla nor the Switzerland that funding is why objective build central  the  final generation .
For another side Great Britain Finland Poland Republic Czech Netherlands Sweden South China India and  Brazil  for quote some examples continuing forward with determination with  their projects .
The States United for their  hand after Fukushima keeper add  a unit to their park retomando the construction of a central interrumpida after  the accident the Three Mile Island .
If the  model German target-based in the renewables renewable is where  the times as example the reality goes in against the stand speech .
The election the Berlin goes to shoulder a encarecimiento of price the  of electricity a greater dependence energy for the need incrementada to gas imported in  particular the Russia one increase of the emissions the  CO2 for the construction of central  the gas and the coal .
In few months is notarán  the effects harmful .
must meditarse on the case of Denmark .
Campeón the Europe in  the sector eólico of opened Does the % of their electricity also is one  the are large users of coal and the gas due  to the intermitencia of wind for this reason their  emissions the  CO2 and the price of their electricity  are respectively  a % and a %  more highest  the  in average European .
For the contrary thanks to the troubles of  our policy energy our neighbours abonan  a bill the electricity one % higher  to the  of the homes  French .
Meanwhile that  the  is  economy  globalised the cost of the energy represents  a factor key  the  to  competitiveness and a guarantee of peacekeeping  the  to  value industrial in  the territory national the companies French are Ninety  the  to electricity more cheap  the Europe .
For that  was any reduction significantly  in the energy nuclear eye an  strong efficiently the price of the electricity what is restaría realism to the maravillosas statements on the reindustrialización the  to country and the defence of our power purchasing .
They talking to a price  the  of  great majority of the French are  refusing to pay and the fact not manifiestan opposition by principle the that kind  the energy  according keen to polls .
keep to the political energy the  to country  the in building  a sector industrial  with jobs the  work director and jobs indirectos .
Ampliamente looking  to the export encompasses a galaxy the pymes  specialist in the markets international and the can create jobs not deslocalizables .
If France decidiese leave the energy nuclear eye the sacrificio the great part of those SMEs and the loss of the millions of euros annual in exports French of  equipment and services nuclear .
What electricista encargaría a EPR designed to work Sixty years when  is  you  the collapse of their manufacturer .
For deal to equation  the  to  energy nuclear there is admit  to  not exist  a source miracle  of production the electricity the Like that either  there is source diabólica .
The development for part  the Areva the solutions with lowest emissions of CO2 nuclear and renewable  demonstrates the nature complement  of the sources of energy .
In the  case of the energy nuclear is essential maintain to  maximum  level of safety .
In France comes to a Authority the safety that hierocracy  a  control strict and transparent therefore on the central existing as on the construction of Flamanville .
Our teams the recognised professionalism are also obsessed  for the safety .
In half century the sector nuclear  has suffered three accidents serious .
Only one  the  of Three Mile Island is in the should conditions operational normal not Enquiry consequences nor for the people or for  the environment .
In Chernobyl the accident is due  the design of overheated and to few failings human imperdonables .
In Fukushima some  people are forget  to  the accident is due to two disasters natural  of  a reach without unprecedented  the  wave the death of tens  the thousands of people .
The sector nuclear aprenderá the  this  accident stand as we did the are two previous .
Thank to  these progress and to a cooperation between the authorities of safety and the operators and builders French and Germans  the EPR  request a design capable of resistir  the other phenomena .
Meanwhile what estudian all the players electric to  want build  to central  the middle of their construction the Flamanville  would a great gift for the competitors the Areva and EDF  now is they nonetheless path free to assume the  make to  the inevitable  development of sector nuclear .
hard essential and legitimate seek to best options energéticas for our country but would irresponsible  never that  the ambivalent the  undistorted and the volume partisanas dominasen a debate very  important to the situation economic social and financial  the  to country .
The immigration So  a burden or a opportunity to the economy .
The policy of immigration roundly by Nicolas Sarkozy has  been criticada plainly since various points of view the saturación the are  services police judicial and administrative dominated to the political the figures the compatibility of this policy with  the status autoproclamado of &apos; country the are  rights human &apos; the  France .
Over recently is the harassment administrative  the are students  foreign  the to has saltado  to the headlines with  the Minister the  Interior véase the newspaper Libération the  of May proclamando the past that  France &apos; not need talentos foreign adequately nor camareros &apos; .
However rarely increasingly is analysing since  the point of view economic .
The issue is that on  this issue is quite consensus between  the Geremek and the sense .
In the  case of the sense Jacques Chirac fijó the prospect declarando in the &apos;  unemployed not Libraries be a  problem for a country to account  of close  the two million of workers immigrants &apos; while the  in the Geremek the discern what fijó Michel Rocard explicando that  France &apos; not  be unaware office of all the misery of world &apos;  in . .
The unique difference the  rise to generosity .
In , therefore the Geremek as the sense compartían of fear the  of invasion the  territory national for a Cities the fontaneros  Poles .
To two ends is viewed  that the immigrants are a burden for  the economy and the society French .
The unique difference  is in  the rise to generosity  have the to act  with regard to the immigrants .
In his programme Vichy Hollande is limited to include banalidades indicating that the codesarrollo  view deal  to &apos; problem the  of migration &apos; .
This idea the  of immigration  as a burden a  problem perhaps is covered electoralmente but economically its very pack .
Perhaps as quarters  the economists Ian Goldin and Geoffrey  Cameron in a masterpiece recent  the sums the knowledge most Recent on the immigration Exceptional People How Migration Shaped Our World loosening Will Define Our Future May the Princeton University Associated 352 pp ) there  a broader consensus between the specialists on the impact positive  of the flows migratory in  the growth  economic , the wages and the employment in the countries that receive immigrants .
The life-threatening the  to immigration distorts the growth and harm  the employment .
The fears questions with  the impact of the immigrants are based  in the idea of the state can replace to the workers national  in  particular to the little qualified pressing for the is imperative their wages .
But the experience shows that the reality the immigrants are more well credit  that substitutes  the are workers  national and ensured mainly professions in sectors with lack  the employment .
The immigrants little qualified employed in sectors  the  not warlords to workers  national and the most qualified  in sectors dynamic where  the training not request  the  demand the staff .
A effect positive on the wages .
From same manner that  a Perisic doing difficulties to work the  for  country  the strong lack  of anestesistas the complementariedad between national and immigrants causing is the arrival of these past invest For in the wages and the employment of the national .
Bearing in  account  this previous Giovanni Peri calculó that  a increase the % of the flows migratory supposed to tackling  the are wages real  the long term of between a and a % .
And without having in  account  the fact the that  the diversity that aportan  the immigrants  helps  to the creation of ideas and the growth  economic exists a great proportion of awarding  Nobel American naturalizados and  companies  as Google Intel Paypal eBay and Yahoo  were well-founded for immigrants . .
The immigrants also are taxpayers pockets  to the systems social project  the aportan the average a % of budget  total in the countries Europeans .
The Organisation International of  unemployment estimated for example  the  in Germany  a immigrant  that comes  with  a age the  years operators  a much neta income least expenses  the euro to the budgets public  of average during across their life .
At principle  the his mandate Nicolas Sarkozy wanted go to seek  the points of growth  the you faltaban  &apos; with the tooth &apos; .
PAN tooth that disuadieron  the are immigrants broke exactly the effect Salem .
Europe invented the democracy only him lack thinking in a democracy European .
The democracy  is a good precious but also fragile .
The continent European should power acordarse  of this already  is  although  being invented in  Athens  ago more  the two thousand years to what long-term the century 20th  has suffered the tragedies of the War World totalitarismos the Holocaust the  roots but also  to Franco  the Spain  to prohibited  the  Portugal the coroneles in  Greece .
Some perhaps believed  that is that the democracy triunfase definitive on their enemies would  enough exercise to vote and the manner most direct possible .
relation since Rostopchine &apos; the Pequeño &apos; that is was  the on  left .
The suffrage universal although is  about  the  one condition necessary to the democracy not is  enough why yes  only and even  can norm  the  for word instrument the oppression &apos; as truthfully vis the filósofo republicano Etienne Vacherot .
not the democracy required a more a space public  a spirit public values  a organisation a separation and a control of the powers a education Luces solidarity economic and social justice .
The crisis  the live in Europe  a  is crisis economic but is to point the norm in a crisis policy and democratic .
The palinodia of  referendum Greek verdadero-falso had to this regard a dual effect demonstrates daring the  need to a return potent to the agricultural policy but also the concern feeling the  his  return  to their inconsistency .
must reflexionarse on this ambivalence is superarla .
The truth is that the lines of face the  of  battle democratic currently is the desplazado and the  in  many cases the soldiers Republican already not progressive  in  the good sense .
not saldremos gaining if asked a catalogue of referenda  national problematic  in role the to  requirements and the way desordenada .
A signing the white the monarca European absolute or a high the  to the hole nacionalista generalized what options is the citizen .
not  do to cash coups the effect but a exercise  common  the plenary right relaxed and continuous  the to options and the democracy this time to scale European .
not is crisis  the Greece Italy Spain Portugal the  fact not sabríamos  where overcome the list because only there  is crisis ,  the crisis the Europe .
The undiscovered the Europe is the that is pliega to the orders of the markets and the to  agencies  the rating that  the is suffering their Powerlessness and their lack of solidarity .
It the whole of Europe the that suffering  is humiliation  the  of sphere international .
We preaching for the transfer of sovereignty the Europe but it across Europe the that  lose slowly the sovereignty and with her each  a  of their nations .
applies more urgent is that the sovereignty popular Quartetu'\u2019s the expectations of project European .
Because solely together able the Europeans reduce the weight of their debts Local of the markets and prepare  their future prohibited the investment .
The exit of the crisis Putting decisions to scale European is not able factored without a legitimacy democratic total unless that make to conducirnos the disaster .
After ought fought during a time against this proposal the are socialists and the  Jacques  Delors everything the world calls  the  to  date  a governance economic integration .
can  it make .
But thinking in her without  a greater integration policy and democratic and without  that make vivida as stand  we  are citizens  would  a new madness and we check  are a new point dead .
must assume  a new stage of the construction European .
For build to Republic  the  France  way emphasis &apos; do &apos; Republican .
The Orange motivated by interests not be enough .
This lesson continues remains applicable .
must build  a Europe  more integrated since  the point of view economic .
lengths is wanted achieve exactly a Europe  more democratic the  of level political  a  genuine sovereignty popular European .
For build Europe us Europeans .
The cards with chip &apos; without contact &apos; is generalizan .
The Yun global the to  cards  the chip is gambling  the Tuesday in Villepinte close  to Paris  have a environment positive .
Indeed fact the year should conclude  with a increase the % in the sales  world the cards with microprocesadores cards bank mobile with cards SIM etc with a total of millions the units , according calculations the gabinete Eurosmart .
The segment more potent  is the  of the technology without contact  the  allows subscription the transport in  common or the crisis simply  arena  the card to a lector .
This year is venderán  in all the world million  of cards with chip without contact generalized million more is the year previous .
Their quota should continue increasing to  is scheduled million of units and independent closely  of a % of market world  the to  cards  have chip ( 6,925 million of cards . .
Europe that has a time rezagada  to regard to the region of Asia-Pacífico is gaining ground in  the sector of payment without contact .
Approximately the billion of cards  bank Visa already disposal  the this role  is being accepts in terminales the payment .
In France their auditing are more modest are they reported cards Visa without contact .
But the  large aside employed for four .
Carrefour has issued this year million  of cards Pass MasterCard without contact .
For foot the in higher no however is necessary  the are banks the Consequently  to  readiness  the  their customers .
&apos; There two  large establishments French that is the committed  to think systematically in  the future between their customers cards bank dotadas of system without contact &apos; inter-institutional Gérard Nébouy director general  of Visa Europe France .
The banks photo the payment for telephone mobile .
But so only represents  a first stage towards the environment of payment the future the telephone mobile .
In the currently  are few devices equipados with the technology NFC Near Field Communication , essential to perform the  transactions .
&apos; They are rezagando &apos; .
&apos; But should  we all buying  a real booming the  year the next &apos; .
&apos; Prevemos that is venderán between and million  the units in the all  the world &apos; explains Marc Bertin president of Eurosmart .
But the banks Take  the delantera .
The bank Crédit agricole announced yesterday the  launching the  to  test  between December and the next June in Caen .
They equiparán the iPhone the  around the customers and colleagues  with a funda  that  allows  the payment without contact .
The BPCE disposal the  for  project similar  in Strasbourg and Marseille .
And the Société générale also has back yesterday to is introduce  to  marketing  the  to  supply  the enable  will their customers pay without contact the through  the his mobile .
From Sahara to Nigeria the face terrorist goes in increase .
Paris is concern  for the links between the al-Qaeda in  the Magreb  Islamic and the secta Boko Haram .
The strengthening between the group terrorist At al-Qaeda in  the Magreb  Islamic Aqmi and the secta  pleases the Boko Haram on the that is sospechaba since ago time is the confirmed .
The Sunday the Viceministro argelino the Affairs Foreign Abdelkader Messahel even stated  that Argel  already &apos; has the certidumbre &apos; .
&apos; The Similarly in the sides  organisations operating and the reports of the services in intelligence show that are cooperando &apos; mover without proof more details .
Paris seems reaching to a conclusion similar .
The research on the hostages the two French in  increase  the past January would adjourned the pasarelas .
Raptados in  a written the Niamey for people Spectrum-related  with Aqmi Antoine the Léocour and Vincent Delory died the day next together with several  the  their secuestradores during a operation replaces for the forces special French .
In the  rubble the  to  intervention  the researchers French and Nigerians abused several chips telefónicos that divorcing  the are terrorists .
Eje terrorist .
The study the to law investment points towards several partners object  in Mali huge and Nigeria .
According Radio France Internationale RFI two numbers captaron particularly the interest of the researchers one leads to a nigeriano  that permaneció during a time in Maiduguri  a city of northern  the Nigeria cradle the Boko Haram and the other to a man to supposed , is realistic to Aqmi and to the secta .
&apos; They talking to a progress but without doubt must wait to poseer tests more formal before the to  the cooperation operational  between Aqmi and Boko Haram &apos; .
&apos; But is possible &apos; .
&apos; relation since ago years  the  of secta appropriating the support financial and intellectual outside and the individual time is more active &apos; claims Kunle Amuwo a researchers nigeriano .
These recent months these &apos; behind &apos; previously result each time more obvious in the growth and the  speeches the Boko Haram or in their anyway operational  the now Modern the  discussing  the kamikazes or devices explosives each time more complex and the same lifestyle  to the category for Aqmi .
The community international starting for  Washington is since  then pressing  to Abuya for the strong in account  the  problems proceedings  for Boko Haram .
The authorities irrefutable  of fact leads time considering  to group  as a community the iluminados  little offsetting of interest .
A success quickly .
Fundada in the Maiduguri in  around the  one mezquita  is school and the magnet fundamentalista Mohammed Yusuf Boko Haram that mean  the hausa &apos; the education western is a pecado  &apos; , self-harm to the makes the  for emirato Islamic in  the north Muslim  of Nigeria .
In this region poor  the partnership is gaining  a success quickly .
They politiza and requires  a respect strict  the  to Sharia while the their carnage being bullets the  to  fight against the government central impío .
These recent is orientan  in first place to the churches the sofas rules administrations .
In , the fighters the Boko Haram shone particularly assets and is multiplicaron  the attacks  against the comisarías .
The reaction the Abuya  way as always pass widespread .
The army atacó the city and is registered dead .
Mohammed Yusuf arrested in life receives  the death in prison .
Since then the secta are radicaliza and wants their feudos of north .
The big holidays eye a terrorist  that cause dead the Jos and then other in Abuya .
In June Boko Haram again to foremost  combat Abuya the  particular  against the Guardia general constitutionally the  to police  have a attack suicidal  the areas of this type .
In August the headquarters local  the to Nations UN is becomes  in its  first objective international .
The creation the  for gravity terrorist the Africa that abarcaría since Mauritania until Somalia happening for Nigeria  public to all the specialists of the safety .
Meanwhile that Aqmi  has re-establish Mali and increase and the are somalíes  the Al-Chebab operating in Kenya Boko Haram arises as a new threat the  of centre the continent .
The week Last during a meeting in Nigeria with  the President Goodluck Jonathan Alain Juppé him has  announced against Boko Haram and has back  the was ready  to &apos; share across  the information &apos; .
The world according the candidate Republican to the presidency .
In relationship with China with Iran and with  the aid to Israel Mitt Romney Herman Cain and Rick Perry vying in simpleza and lack  the knowledge .
A America debilitada for the crisis So can manage  a world complex  with ideas simple or even simplistas .
Escuchando to the candidate Republican for the presidential the electorate could thinking  that it  is .
Since ago years days Mitt Romney Herman Cain Rick Perry and the other candidate each time for more statements estruendosas and atajos  in fulfil the political foreign traditionally a point strong  of the Republican .
They extienden the lemas  to often infundamentados on China Iran the aid to Israel .
Mitt Romney the candidate best nearing in the career work  the designation for  the &apos; finishing Old Party &apos; has  threatened to wear the are Chinese  foremost the WTO and denunciarles &apos; for manipulation  the  his motto &apos; a  subject key the  to America exasperada for the migration the fragmentos Entire the  his sector towards Asia .
tortoise-like Like if  that means the explosion of a war commercial stated .
Jon Huntsman former ambassador the Obama in China and the only candidate  the has a vision sofisticada of the political external almost is ahoga  foremost a attitude  the  &apos; apabulla &apos; the  emotion .
He asked a dialogue  clear but parity  with Beijing  the position current  the Obama . .
But Huntsman that is still plateau  in the local the are  polls still remains inaudible .
At lifestyle the Ronald .
Romney also has promised  a intervention military the  Iran  if the sanctions not challenge break its programme nuclear .
&apos; If salgo elected detendré to Iran  &apos; fanfarroneó .
&apos; If Obama its re-election appeal  to bomb  &apos; .
Prometió also increase the aid military to Israel acusando to Obama  the have failed to their obligations in relationship with this partner .
The entrepreneur Herman Cain the  second candidate best heading shows for their part a Lack embarrassing the other subjects .
Recently instaba to counter the  to threat military Chinese because Beijing &apos; staying develop capacity nuclear &apos; apparently SLORC the  fact the that China  already disposal the átomo military since . .
The Governor tejano Rick Perry that supports  the Israel and it intervene  in Iran says that we his part is ready  to deploy the army US in Mexico order fight against the application of the drug .
The resource to the torture  against the for terrorists an  for Obama  the also it preconizan Cain , Perry and the candidate Michele Bachmann .
The differences  are resources to  the candidate republicano  the John McCain , a  weight heavy in  policy foreign .
The opponents of current President contestan that Ronald also had ideas simple and the won the War  source .
Recuerdan that  the own  Obama was a amateur and the had to aflojar the ash in fulfil the fight against the terrorism .
Insisten with reason  the  to  failure  the  his ingenuo dialogue with Iran  the  to is act  the are &apos; boys &apos; of Iraq and in their tergiversaciones in  Libya and we etiquetan  in weak .
But the attacks not  you findings fight .
The population juzga  of a manner  more well positive  the  balance of safety national  of Obama  the Bolkesteinu'\u2019is with Yogyakarta Laden .
Since Iraq desconfía the to speeches military  the generan one hundimiento .
And argumentando that ago lack rebuild economically America for revive  their leadership Obama five-minute the impression of that more fair .
The Nord Stream new door the  first of gas Russian in Europe .
The pipeline Nord Stream that comunica  directly Europe Western with Russia over for  the fund of Sea Baltic already  is been  now in service .
must supply  gas for  satisfy the requirements of thirty millions of homes .
Gazprom the giant Russian of gas  the  to hold the event with great pompa .
The past Tuesday more the guests including four Heads the state and the government participated  to banks the Baltic between  the music the  to orquesta and a  delicate bufet in the opening of Nord Stream the new pipeline  to comunica  directly under  the sea Russia with Germany .
Simbólicamente the Chancellor  new Angela the President  Russian Dmitri Medvedev the Prime Minister French Vichy Fillon and their counterpart the are Netherlands Mark Rutte have girado together the volante the  to válvula  the controls the first of gas Russian in the network of Europe western .
With this new pipeline each year audience million of metres cubic  of gas Russian additional the Europe western to  through  the  one first had the km that comunican  the region of St Petersburg with  the Land the Mecklemburgo-Pomerania .
A Secondly tubo should concluirse the end of the view supply a  total of millions the metres  accumulation  of gas  a  say enough to get everything  the consumption French .
Moreover already  is talks  the  to  possibility  the  building a third tubo for  the same pack .
For Gazprom the completion to time the this issue masterpiece where aires  the victory .
Poland and the countries Baltic  are previously therefore gives the project .
Indeed fact the Nord Stream goes to allow supply  gas directly to Germany avoid the During gravity for third-country countries Poland and Ukraine . .
Indeed coup these two countries and we in its power to them be more difficult influence  to  Russia amenazándola with cerrarle the access to the markets of Europe western .
In the point álgido of debate Warsaw not dudó  in three the Nord Stream as a &apos; new pact germano-soviético &apos; in reference the  to alliance  between Hitler and  Stalin  for occupy Poland in . .
It say if  the issue is politically  delicate .
Europe Western continue to project Russian  has Resources  a greater security the supply .
But the price is a weakening of the Europe the  to  energy prioritised is the project has insatiable  a healed between the Europeans of  this and the west .
Russia has Ali  the that only five  years do triunfar its  vision of a alliance direct between Russia and the countries Western rich large consumers of gas and with each reserves  each time more limited .
&apos; This pipeline represents a component of  our partnership with Russia a new arteria to  us unite  to way  organic &apos; confirmed Vichy Fillon during the opening of pipeline us until  what  point the  large contracts of sector the gas are that political  as economic .
All this explains the broad smiles in the faces a the securities the Gazprom numerous in Lubmin  the  of  point the arrival of gas .
The construction the  this pipeline also it  a achievement technical .
The tubo submarino is Made  the steel recubierto  the rebuild  to protegerlo  combat to anclas  the are ships .
They supports the  of fund the sea to a average the values of depth .
For construirlo was necessary avoid camps the mines that  along  the  to second War World .
&apos; was necessary absolutely or destroy  a centena the them for caution &apos; Other Jens Müller spokesman the  to society Nord Stream .
also occasion necessary  providing to measures the protection of the fauna and the flora .
The tubo is a long snake-heads  the metal that overvalued  as torres Eiffel and not is cut  in all its length nor by válvulas nor by stations the  peacekeeping .
was shortly  a platform the control in the waters the  Sweden but the responsibility of project renunciaron to the same the  with the Swedish not were very prepared  to allow  the  to society state-based Russian is estableciera  the way permanent  in  the sea cope  to their coasts .
&apos; In case the avería interrumpiremos the step of gas the least the  for minute &apos; organization Jens Müller .
In case the brain the gas of pipeline  being liberará  for  both the  in  atmosphere .
But the seating publicity little likely  to  is oppose  a brain number  the have  you junturas  that according the  projections appeal an flight  increasingly years .
The control of state the pipeline is  absolutely prohibited a him submarino arrastrado for a vessel  that responsibilities inspections external case as prohibited  a recording that freely  we the  internal of pipeline .
With the way of a pure is predictability  in  the internal of tubo  the  has a distance of a metre and is Which  to  the gas .
To his arrival after three hours distinctly  of  journey  the  to speed the three metres for second country data precise on possible deformaciones of metal .
The pipeline  has  been designed to work for fifty years without need  the circumstances type of reparación .
The movement of gas being secures simply  for the pressure .
At principle is the bars and to the  exit of bars .
Five companies  have joined their forces to power  wear  to all this project .
The company leader  is Gazprom  that has the % of the cautiously .
To her is unieron the German E.ON and BASF 15,5 each  a ,  case as  the reporting Gasunie and the group French GDF Suez 9 each one . .
These five societies  have created  a company  common so-called Nord Stream charge  of building and exploiting  the pipeline .
he his headquarters in Zoug Switzerland where  the continuation is particularly favourable .
After Gazprom alquiló to time society for a long the sample years renewable  the follows the to in the transport the gas .
&apos; To Gazprom him BMI  for the capacity total regardless of the amount of gas  the  really is transport &apos; organization Jens Müller .
The funding  of the construction of pipeline  being has  a correct in a % of the point of the accionistas and in a % means loans Serious .
The cost total  of the rights should achieve million a EUR for the two tubos .
For GDF Suez for example the investment has reached the millions .
But the accionistas granting are insurance  the that not superarán their investment project  the Gazprom moderating for itself only the risk of the costs .
The pipeline emerge of Baltic  the Lubmin in a coast arenosa plantada the pinos .
Good válvulas with metres  the level form the door of an the gas .
exist few sensors that miden  the pressure the temperature and the characteristics reliant of gas the  in arrival before the that is owed to the pipelines Germans .
Since the past Tuesday  the though  year a million of metres cubic  of gas Russian each hour .
To total capacity vision three million for hour and in , six million .
Moleskine a libreta the mark .
Creada ago half century for  a company Italian Moleskine wants restore to the people the taste for  the escritura .
he a  air the adventure of hours the escritura  to the light of a vela .
The libreta Moleskine is recognised easily with  their  solder rectangulares blackest his notes  own hojas  the colour white socially as envejecidas  for  the time .
However the libretas Moleskine with  the aspect current born in . .
The company Italian Modo lines in Milan decided in the moment launch the market is libreta  the assist the design but distinguida .
Maria Sebregondi for the then consultora  the  to  company being Great the  launching of  new product .
The libreta is disposition  in a former technical the production of mole skin fur the topo that is refers to a cotton barnizado that is ounces between other  things , to get the banquetas .
This type of libreta was very valued by the writers and the travellers .
&apos; Moleskine has adaptado  the adjust current a subjected  old and neglected  a icono the are artists vanguardistas until the century 20th &apos; account Maria Sebregondi that since then is became  in responsible the  to  mark the Modo .
And Karlsbad the success .
Among and the sales  statistic in  a % , until achieve a volume of millions the units vendidas .
multiply has effect the production  confidential  of the first years in the that only  is planned libretas .
Moleskine goes more beyond  the to borders Italian and regulations their products to countries since  France the States  United .
hard difficult determine to profile the foundation number  the  of cuaderno  the assist attracts therefore  to men  the business as to students and occupational .
At Like that Moleskine their users  are cosmopolitas  the spirit open and illiteracy .
The small company Italian  that said  have twelve workers in their auditing now has closely  the and from , has two offices  a  in  Milan and the other in New York .
Distribuye their cuadernos in bought since  the Fnac  until the small shops the  centre of the cities and has Ali impose their identity .
&apos; We have adaptado to the day and to the need to write the  despite the booming the are  post electronic &apos; explains Maria Sebregondi .
This signing cultural goes to the momentum with  the development of Moleskine  recently the mark has ordnance  the explanatory &apos; Detour &apos; where architects or artists deviant his own cuaderno .
In August launched also a cuaderno with tapas  the leopardo with  reason the votes of cinema  the Locarno .
directions his success and  this aura cultural Moleskine has Ali diversify their products bolsos entities bolígrafos fundas the computer  The brand encompasses a wider range of soportes .
A success  the immediate envidia in autumn the Modo was acquired for  the fund of investment SG capital Europe in the date Syntegra capital , escribiéndose case a new web the  of history the Moleskine .
For what  the rate of unemployment the are workers disabled continues remains very heavier .
Approximately of % the to  people exterminated are for a employment .
The XV Week for  the employment of the disabled starts today .
To despite the  one policy  public settled roundly since  the rate of unemployment  between the people exterminated greater  the rate average  an % , cope to % for  the whole of the population .
Desalentadora .
&apos; not &apos; claims Éric Blanchet director general  of Adapt the partnership is  &quot;  the  week for  the employment of the disabled .
&apos; The progress infrastructural since ago fifteen years are considerable .
&apos; In time then  the rate of unemployment not was  two sometimes but three times more heavier  to the average .
&apos; However there is deeply why do &apos; .
Is mention to the unemployed  disabled continuing alike to numerous  obstacles to access the employment .
destructive having a age  more older  the %  has more  the  years a % of average . .
Poseen a level of qualified little high the % not has over  the bachillerato and the are million  a students in the education higher so only  are disabled .
For Finally the  unemployment of long-term is very widespread between them the %  for the disabled face the % of average .
It say there numerous questions to dificultan particularly the return to world labour and the &apos; constitute the quid of  problem  &apos; Other Christian Grapin director general  of Tremplin a partnership created in  order help to the companies to cold workers disabled .
These are the obstacles objectives .
Moreover there Especially  is not been mention to  mentality  the  in people developing but too slowly .
A study conducted  in April for the partnership IMS-Entreprendre for the Cité respectable that the directors encuestados have &apos;  a level of knowledge on the safely lower &apos; with a &apos;  representation excessive the to  people the wheelchair a wheelchair deficientes physical or  intellectuals &apos; .
The result the companies private  with more the workers are very much of objective the cold a % of workers disabled objective  that is fijó  in a law of 1987 .
According the last figures available to ponds  the , shelf a relationship the % .
&apos; Now stood in  around the % &apos; Other Pierre Mont-Blanc director general  of Agefiph the body mid-July  the  custom rules contributions  of the companies that not climate-friendly this law .
The test the number of establishment &apos; dominated to this point &apos; the Like that the cuantías desembolsadas have fallen between and , over  the to  structures and the  to million the euro . .
&apos; The law the to aumentaba the contributions has insatiable  a great pressure to the companies &apos; , explains Pierre Mont-Blanc .
&apos; But this improvement also reflected  a  genuine concienciación in  particular between the large groups &apos; .
According the  Ministry the additional  very only the % of the societies that  intensively  between and workers  account  to  employees disabled in its plantilla cope to % the to companies the between and workers .
Hazard &apos; A joy &apos; .
To point of taking  the are Bleus  the Tuesday for the night 20h45 , Eden Hazard and Georges Leekens not secret  the  pleasure to them generated this party friendly .
not  us atreveremos  to say that is notaba  backed between them but the image is symbolic .
Sentados each together the other in  the estrado of auditorio the Stade the France Georges Leekens and Eden Hazard really have done the paces .
Five months later the gesture of my  the  his delantero against Turkey  the seleccionador  Belgian not has more  the praise  for him .
&apos; I surprised much for Eden  by their progress and because make Belgian &apos; .
&apos; want important &apos; him mood  the delantero the Lille .
In As the  contrast between their presentaciones in its team and in the selection &apos; is a whole &apos; are the justified .
&apos; In Lille am everything  the year we opened not  is applies to Belgium .
&apos; I that situarme &apos; .
Convocado for play  against Romania  the Friday for the night real in  account this party against France Hazard next the Saint-Denis  order for all &apos; brillar &apos; .
However ignore the &apos; pleasure &apos; .
scarf animando to the Bleus since the had seven years it as for the campaigns victoriosas the and . .
&apos; always  have  been its fan &apos; claims .
However doubt that goes  the  strengthen particularly the nature &apos; particular &apos;  the  meeting .
notably because  is facing &apos; to Mathieu Debuchy Yohan Cabaye and Adil Rami &apos; , reminds .
&apos; We Internally the  changeover  ago little .
&apos; Jugar against them always  is a joy  &apos; .
With sencillez Leekens has done by their part reference the  &apos;  proud &apos; .
&apos; Orgullo &apos; for  Perhaps &apos; a party the wined &apos; .
&apos; Orgullo &apos; also  for checking  as &apos; neighbour &apos; that  France &apos; again to  be a team of very high level &apos; closely the  for year  next  the traumatismo the Knysna .
&apos; Laurent Mont-Blanc has done a work frontier &apos; said  to enthusiasm .
Meanwhile that Belgium  not  pavilion to the next competition European  the technical  excellent delighted to power share aeroplane with the Bleus work Brazil  in . .
&apos; Our small Belgian are evolving &apos; upgrading .
&apos; We federalist something the  players are ambitious are hungry .
&apos; set anybody  in the next parties &apos; Incluido the party against France .
Portugal shows lot confidence .
The Portugal the Paulo Bento is faces to a great optimism the party the driving  against Bosnia 22h00 , that is 20  the Tuesday in Lisbon .
In the party the ida them missing realism  to two teams .
&apos; When transcurran these minutes eastward  a  team happy and on all  a country happy &apos; .
Paulo Bento already  is sees  in Poland and in Ukraine .
not has none doubt  of Selecçao  the  think since September  the , goes to cualificarse for the earlier the . .
indeed that only minutes separate to Portugal  the  to wish .
But there a party that play and a trading Bosnia that said .
Bearing in  account  the party the ida 0-0 the Friday in  the hell  of Zenica , seems obvious to the thing not is proactive .
Portugal knock-on the party during more the  to  hour itself but not could usher the valuable gol that you liked  prioritised the house .
&apos; It a good result but to the time realises  a risk number  the  not have packaging outside the house &apos; .
But in  house  the  of celebrity Estadio the  to Luz  the Lisbon the reassure are repugnant  the that pasarán  foremost a public  the  by  be Like  the happy even if is obvious  the  of  party &apos;  is very matched &apos; dixit a Bento positive but lúcido .
&apos; expect that the party protecting very matched but we completely repugnant  the that we taken the delantera &apos; declared the size male of  years .
&apos; Do taking  a % of possibilities the  share in  the earlier &apos; has not however relativizado the successor the emperor Queiroz .
The score the Friday in Bosnia labour the are salaries to drive and to earn .
To the bosnios them could reaching  a score considerable also have need  the efficiency .
&apos; It a good result but to the time realises  a risk number  the  not have packaging outside the house &apos; regrets Bento .
&apos; Are to  play against a team  that has a great quality technical and the reference to players  have a great quality individual &apos; added .
At Like that  the Zenica the reassure  disgraced with the intention of exercise since  the principle a pressure  maximum on the bosnios  order &apos;  not persuaded time to consider &apos; .
A good idea always is this time make realistic .
