A strategy republican for hinder the re-election of Obama .
The leaders Republican justify his policy for the need to fight against the fraud electoral .
Now well the Centre Brennan viewed this Finally a myth and claims to the fraud electoral is less prevalent in the States United that the number of people to die to cause of the fall of a glimmer .
Indeed fact the lawyers Republican not have met more to cases of fraud electoral in the States United in ten years .
A thing is certain matters new provisions Acting adversely to the rate of participation .
In that sense these measures minarán in part of system democratic American .
At contrary to what is certainly in Canada the states Americans are responsible the organisation of the elections federal in the States United .
And in this same lines a majority of the governments Americans banning to onwards the , new laws that Turning the process of register or the vote .
This phenomenon is the growing after the elections in November the , that were the increase the new representatives Republican in states .
In consequence during the year is introduced projects of law is tighter the exercise of law of vote in states .
The new laws electoral demand that the electorate jointly a document to identity with a photograph addition the one test of citizenship American .
For another part matters laws unemployed the periods of vote early-voting invalidan the right to names as Forrester in the day of polling and finance its right to vote to the citizens with much criminal .
Before the rules elections in , circumstances state American immediately that the electorate presentaran a document to identity with photograph .
The State the Indiana was the areas in it .
The Court Supreme the States United confirmed in the constitutional the law of Indiana .
For doing the authorities republicanas is quick to extend that practice to other states .
In the past years these authorities have supported projects of law in states for press to the electorate to submit a document to identity with photograph .
It important having to account the contrary to what is happening in Quebec the citizens Americans not even the one document to identity universal as the card the Security Social .
Indeed fact a % of the citizens Americans is say 21 million of people in age of vote not least with circumstances document to identity with photograph meantime for a agency officials of their state .
For another side five million of new voters in value of a document to identity with those characteristics .
But to often the obtaining of document to identity delays costs more of one dollars .
With what opened the new restrictions affecting the function disproportionate to the young the minorities and the people with income low .
In effect a % of afroamericanos a % of people to earn least the dollars to year a % of the citizens of more of years and a % of the electorate the between and years not least with a document to identity with photograph .
And still there more .
In many states are students the electorate that more ignore to the candidate democrats not be used to document to identity with photograph meantime for their institution .
For another part those ourselves states authorise to the members of the clubs the fishing or the hunting that usually vote to the parties Republican to use the documents issued by these clubs .
Before the circumstances state immediately the test of citizenship for vote .
Arizona was the first state in submit to demand .
Since , a dozen the states has adopted laws that demand that the electorate Suppliers that are citizens Americans .
These measures are a limit the vote hispano .
seems that the two of each three constituents hispanos support the party democrat .
For another side the legislators Republican supported in some laws that abolían the register of voters the same day of polling in eight states .
Moreover constrained the right to the people and the groups to create a service of aid to the electorate that families names .
These restrictions have consequences .
For example in the elections broadly the , the campaigns the register of the electorate contributed to register of around the millions of citizens .
The measures actions since Reformation that the rate of register of new voters liked in the comparison with the year . .
Moreover the legislators Republican adopted laws in other five states that shock the reduction of period of vote for in .
For example in the elections in the Florida a % of the electorate that voted for in were afroamericanos while the state recent not represented more to a % of the electorate of state .
In the case of the hispanos happening exactly what same .
These not represent more to a % of the electorate what is equivalent to a % of the citizens to vote for in .
However the white that represent a % of electorate not represent more to the % of the citizens to vote for in .
For course the legislators democrats and their supporters are the theories desire to the adoption of laws that trade-restrictive the registration of voters .
In this respect the governors democrats have blocked several projects of law .
The Ministry whatever the States United intervened for good the laws more controversial .
They could in part limit the damage .
For example that only the states adopted the law is immediately the presentation of a document to identity with photograph .
However is undeniable that the new rules actions complicarán the exercise of law to vote in . .
The critical democrats Simitis the nature partisan the rules laws that is the voted already the moment clear that with them are intended influence in the results of the states key .
A report of Centre Brennan the shows that the states that have adopted spoke laws represent the votes necessary in the school electoral for achieve the presidency .
It too early for Can with certainty whether these amendments legislative to scale of system electoral appeal a impact significant in the results of the elections presidential the . .
A thing is certain matters new provisions Acting adversely to the rate of participation .
In this respect the measures minarán in part of system democratic American .
Detección of cancer of prostate So Asking the Fishing or not one .
In effect the Fishing the PSA where the times results erroneous with false results negative or even false results positive after the that is decided perform speeches medical useless .
It a reason more to enough to do client to the men already reticentes the for itself on whether Libraries shouldn or not the tests the detection .
Asking the Fishing or not .
have asked advice to two specialists .
In the studies undertaken in the States United is affecting a great index of infection between the groups of shows for this is a difficult interpret these data and do recommendations ground .
For his part of study European daring certain difference of mortality between the patients to being previously conducted the detection and the that not .
The study with a monitoring to the years proved addition to exist between the and the % of possibilities of infirm metastases if not been has conducted the Fishing the detection .
recommend by both the Fishing to onwards the years or to onwards the years if you father has suffered cancer of prostate .
The men of origin afroamericano have a index of risk more high .
The key is taken a good decision a time Previous the cancer .
There cancers aggressive and other cancers that are indolentes .
It truly necessary achieve that the patient understands the rise to risk of their cancer are you must offer all the options possible and not necessarily treat the cancers of prostate that not contravention against the life to long-term term in whose case is how opt more well for a surveillance active in the disease .
Today in day many men to the that is they has Previous a cancer not the treaties project that said cancer not a sentiment nor passed a risk for their life .
In his place them suggesting a surveillance active in the disease and if one goes them offer a treatment .
Determinamos each time to more frequently criteria precise for decide who should or not be treaty .
recommend that is Please the Fishing in any case .
But is important that advisable with their doctor for determining if must shouldn the Fishing or not .
Movember has created in cooperation with the society International the Urología a tool that allows assess the pros and the pros of Fishing the PSA .
They can onto this document for the moment only in English but is offer translations inside the little in the next direction http ca.movember.com fr mens-health / prostate-cancer-screening .
Prevention the disease .
Unfortunately not exist a recipe miracle for preventing the cancer .
To despite the progress of the investigations the adoption of habits the life healthy continuing remains the best solved the reduce the risks of suffer the disease .
eco-labelling that if everything the world comiera well and is true that enough is could prevent a % of the cancers .
&apos; If nobody smoke that rate is accepted the least the % &apos; underlines André Genève spokesman the society Canadiense against the Cancer .
In change evaluamos that around the % of the cancers are well .
Many other continuing remains completely explainable .
For the society Canadiense against the Cancer the fight against the smoking continues remains a priority to despite the drop of number of smokers .
The tobacco is women with the % of the cases of cancer of lung .
It addition a factor of risk for other types of cancers .
props enormously the health of the people .
&apos; Today for today still there million of smokers in Quebec &apos; declared the spokesman André Genève .
A custodianship hopeful motions years later the stop the smoking the risk of die of cancer is reduces to the half .
The weight .
The gordura and the obesity served also the emergence of the disease according to SCC .
Incrementan the risks of cancer of breast the bowel and the totally the bathing-water the páncreas and the motheru'\u2019s .
&apos; The investigations Studies that the practice regulate the activity physical during across the life protects against the cancer of breast &apos; Four .
The food .
The authority advised equally limit the consumption of meat red .
In large quantities for ladder the risks of suffer a cancer Fighting .
The products the charcutería also must avoided .
The preservation of the meat for their ahumado fodder or delicious can provoke the training of substances carcinogenic .
&apos; may reputation the cells of authority and wear the development of cancer &apos; us non-smokers .
The minerals .
In the past years several scientists have studied the links between the complex vitamin and the cancer .
However we the moment their research not the oil .
Segú the SCC the studies onset of the Vitamin E are contradictory .
Meanwhile that the one of them are Overall a drop in the risks of cancer of prostate in other what is being observed was more well a increase .
The effect of the Vitamin D in the cancer either are the case determine with clarity .
For another part M. Genève emphasises the importance of talk about the concerns and the record family the individual each with their doctor .
&apos; Doing the Fishing the detection not causing cancer &apos; .
The bosón the Higgs in detail .
The announcement of likely discovery of bosón the Higgs resounding a great commotion the summer past and with reason .
They believes in effect that this bosón is involve the mechanism responsible the mass of all this is there in the universe nothing more and nothing less .
And what is a more are talking to the partícula whose existence Unusual the model standard our best or &apos; least bad &apos; explanation of the nature and the behaviour of the fight to even not been made notice empirically .
But for the top not is completely clear that is created the Higgs .
relation without place to doubt that there is new partícula and the are seems a the bosón the Higgs predicted by the model standard .
Moreover new data desvelados this week in a important conference of physical Portuguese in Kyoto seem confirm that yes we is although still missing more data for be completely insurance .
Indeed all ways assume that is about the Higgs already the rules possibilities of mistakes seem few happens to what is about .
There in this great world is law widespread and vital that means that two things not be found in the same place the same time .
not there function of infringing that aspect and not what best too because ready manipulating harm .
Although the physical the rules particles make a world very complex is the demonstrated that also in her exists a law of these characteristics the principle of exclusion of Pauli that stipulates that two particles not be occupy the same space the same time if they in the same &apos; state cuántico &apos; a &apos; state &apos; that consists unity Similarly the number of their characteristics .
The physical Sensationalist the particles in two categories .
For a part us encountered with the good citizens scanners fermiones that Amendments wisely the principle of Pauli .
And for other are the bosones a laundry buffoons the anarquistas that not has respect for nothing or the least not for this principle what is mean that can found in the same place and the same time .
According the web website chosen Particle Adventure the Laboratorios Berkeley that we true that extraordinary the bosones is divided in two groups the satisfaction of the that not problems here and the &apos; particles of strength &apos; for the that the large forces of the nature is spreading and with the speaker the bosón the Higgs excellent the wrong manner emparentado .
These bosones reflection underline here not the bichos exóticos that could believing .
Indeed fact if failure read this foretold is thanks to a bosón standpoint trivial the fotón or the &apos; partícula the light &apos; that exist as &apos; shoot &apos; the strength electromagnetic .
In effect when a partícula with a burden electricity accelerated or let the direction &apos; desordena &apos; the field electromagnético in this emphasis environment a little as when gave a stone to a pond .
In this &apos; mess &apos; stems a wavelength electromagnetic the light of the infrared the appalling etc and this wavelength not a different thing that a fotón is say , each of the bosones &apos; Without the strength &apos; .
Campo more stable .
&apos;Madman what same with the bosón the Higgs with the difference of the are talking to another camp the field of Higgs that needs be &apos; desordenado &apos; for the issue bosón hang .
Now well the field of Higgs is deeply more stable that the field electromagnético For activarlo ago lack reaching to renewables extremely through a little as if is private the one pond Pisa in the that only a rock gruesa catch varied for the surface .
For doing ago lack a massive accelerator the particles as the megascience generalized the great colisionador the hadrones is a ring of km of circumference ) for achieving such levels of energy .
The analogy with the field electromagnético is a new tool that explains the relationship between the Higgs and the mass .
Indeed fact not all the particles nor all the materials Pollution with the field electromagnético .
Some as the call what are but others not a piece of role for example not been continue never for itself same grass-roots to the door of a year .
And the same way not all the particles Pollution with the field of Higgs the that we are entitled to mass while the rest how the fotón for true , not the basic .
Now well you what &apos; can find &apos; all those investigations , question the Madam Plamondon .
For the science this serves to verify the validity of model standard MS and allows addition , that the top escrutinen the differences between the comments and the predictions of MS .
For his part many want desire to being trouble therefore the consumers difference could opening a door to a &apos; new physical &apos; that tape revealed holes of model .
This there is even has still enormous shortcomings as the not proposes explanation some relative to the seriousness generalized ups ) or to the fight brown-skinned that constitutes around the % of the fight the universe generalized another ups ) .
But not have met such differences in the megascience until the moment .
Impact .
The impact of these investigations in our day to day are difficult to predict but not believe that we mistaken the words that not noon none .
For that won to medium-long the years , the pioneers of infrared in the laboratories not sospechaban in absolute the revolution that their jobs provocarían .
Entreveían the applications scientific but nothing more .
Indeed fact as already said the physical Willard Boyle that worked in the laboratories Bell where is invented the infrared in , and the inhabitants the first infrared continuous the first were pulsados in , the principle the infrared was more well considered a &apos; aircraft the laboratory &apos; .
Imagine .
And addition the applications can also proceed to all the protection that surrounds to the research .
For example the same Willard Boyle named a captador the light in the During the his research in fight the angles .
To despite the that not was in absolute his intention original this captador serves now the &apos; eye &apos; for all the functioning digital of world what is you sway the Nobel the physical in . .
That not wants say for course that the activities of LHC organize necessarily so-called our lives but that never been knows .
Long-term palliative The best way of die &#124; Le Devoir .
In his Commission Morir in dignity Quebec bids recently the sensitive issue of all the life .
The debate must joined soon while is prepares a project of law .
Now well inside the period dominance essential still there a that do .
Le Devoir has tried anybody of close .
ago hardly should weeks the Mr L. ironically only in its flat the Montérégie .
The cancer of prostate that you was destroying him in prioritised a four-year the two years .
&apos; I previously prioritised five years of life but already wearing case seven &apos; tracing fact a passes tumbado in its bed in the centre of care palliative Victor-Gadbois the Beloeil to the that came the day previous .
&apos; But always is a shock not we should prepared to this &apos; continues .
The disease him has caused havoc a period enormous that you prevents go only the bathing and even feed for itself only .
Sentado cope to a apetitoso lunch accepts resigned that you assist to feed .
Valiente arrives even to shake to speak with the strangers that you play atenciones him Practice medicines and you offered a bathing .
The courage to the death ordinary .
&apos; My greater desire is that you curen the infection is humiliating &apos; admits .
Good hours more afternoon the team reconstruct cure to that bad .
&apos; In the During the our lives projects that a man ago pis the ordinary &apos; tracing Pierre Brodeur psychologist in the centre Victor-Gadbois .
Back to their childhood for some people is a humiliation unacceptable .
&apos; That depends the capacity of the person to accept that regression &apos; complaints .
Because according to think of the majority of the people to employed in care palliative the large moment have place in the heart same the this regression .
all the patients to Expenditure in the centre of care palliative Victor-Gadbois packet cancer .
They a fairly the life maximum of three months .
In that state of team of doctors and nurses that they excessive already not offered the care &apos; curative &apos; .
The greater fear of the Mrs Pelinka the years is die &apos; restrictions and ahogada &apos; .
But the disease him has done compromising to their children .
&apos; I few good children &apos; adds .
&apos; already not me on more the in this life &apos; says before the accept that is you should a mascarilla for redouble to breathe .
And expected in the next days a final visit to their child is lives in Italy .
In Victor-Gadbois is offered with a group of voluntary the care of body and aid to the food .
are care palliative that is they babies when not been can do nothing more .
For help to the his death make more confortable .
In Quebec accommodating with a bed the care palliative for each inhabitants .
It very little already the organisation that all an lay somewhere day .
Here the life continues in the best conditions possible explains the closest Christiane Martel a the rules male of centre .
already make the level of comfort physical emotional or spiritual .
At moribundo is you offered enjuagues the mouths with brandy or Pepsi according to demand .
To the diabetics already not been cut controls its rate of sugar .
The death manner part of this everyday .
Yesterday for the night him uses a beer the Mr X that died in the During the night .
This morning his son is better to beer to the ground the late .
&apos; Ayudamos therefore to the patients as to their beings loved &apos; tracing Gevrij Savard verging the care .
In the centre Victor-Gadbois the days going without a never equal .
At hand the one man of years to saborea his final meeting family in the yard well sympathizer between their almohadas while all intrusively to their health a young to have dies of working tragic surrounded by their parents his wife and their two children after They tried everything to survive .
&apos; Since ago six months always there the three to five caged Top for people minors the years positively the cancer &apos; is concerned the closest Christiane Martel .
A % of the patients to the admitted in the centre Victor-Gadboisarrivent next the his home and a % of hospital .
problem of access to care palliative .
A % of the Canadians simply not has access to the care palliative is say to the care weakened for alleviate the suffering when a ill arrives to the stage terminal the his life make the his home in the hospital or in a centre of care .
And several bodies as the centre Victor-Gadbois and the society the care palliative to home of Cardiff Montréal is especializan almost exclusively in the care of the patients with cancer .
It precisely that great we relative in the care health of Quebec what is ago that many doctors specialising in care palliative fisherwoman the adoption of a law is under the euthanasia and the suicide attended .
Since the month of October a clear signed by eminencias the care palliative as the Dr Balfour Mount and the Dr Shaw Lapointe freely for demonstrate its opposition to stand initiative .
According the closest Christiane Martel the system health of Quebec not a what enough competent as for ensure that anyone purchase right to care palliative the quality before the that is accepted proceed with the euthanasia .
&apos; Recently &apos; tracing &apos; I seen to a patient pass days in Urgencias suffering large aches without the are very fact that necessary to relieve .
fear that the patients newcomer die only because not receive the care Will &apos; .
And parallel many oncólogos is obstinan with their patients until the last day to despite the worst prospects .
The hopes of survival of Hélène Richard were already under minimum when showed a treatment of 7 exhausting .
&apos; When him spotted to my oncóloga that wanted stop the treatment her me said that you looked lot worth that like stop the fight &apos; tracing .
&apos; However is her me in said that not in nothing more to do &apos; .
not there care todopoderosos .
The Lon Martel believes that a % of the sick to considerably die grateful to their carers that not they Europe dealt in their demands a time is they has relieved his pain thanks to a team of care palliative .
But there is say that the care palliative not the absolutely todopoderosos in this is concerned the treatment of grief .
According Elsie Monereau verging the care palliative to home in Cardiff Montréal the patients not change to the subsequent against the pain in a % of the cases .
At final the life the doctors usually resort to the sedating palliative that serves to taking the patient until the moment the his haemorrhaging already make the way circumventing or the way permanent .
not we pretend that not closing that part of suffering .
Every increasingly more the disease not put goes to have the possibility of having this sedating palliative .
The ill that not the aliviados say all this same &apos; I want die &apos; .
But that not wants say necessarily &apos; want to euthanasia &apos; but &apos; want to me alivien &apos; .
The realisation of this Nature has been possible thanks to a scholarships the journalism the institutes the research the health of Canada .
Escándalos rented the great generously in Quebec .
detailing the network created employers of BTP collector the funds to parties politicians and specialists the mafia Italian count day after day what is know the one frontier &apos; system &apos; of the form part of industry the construction officials politicians unionists and mafia .
A &apos; industry &apos; that went too expensive to the taxpayers natives on all the years and . .
&apos; hard remarkable how the system is pulveriza a time we head-hunted to the large media &apos; ironiza Jacques Duchesneau spoke in Quebec and former head of the Police the Montreal .
dear lideró the outbreak of scandal in the way possible thanks to a research to fund on the embezzlement compounded to contracts the roads in Quebec that the first minister liberal the period moment Jean Charest , not in consented more to the purpose .
The &apos; report Duchesneau &apos; set a link direct between the industry the funding compelled to the parties and the corruption between officials .
&apos; Since the start of the research in that only the ministry of transport is would have thousand million of dollars in contracts &apos; , analysing some of their violates the Missing with a part proportional .
The Commission Charbonneau &apos; already been done fall to two mayors &apos; adds while expected power reaching to &apos; demonstrate the ploys existing behind the individuals &apos; .
A unit permanent corruption created in .
The Unit permanent corruption created in being applies also with their team of controllers , researchers and analysts of government .
This unit works addition the police the &apos; the ill-defined Marteau &apos; that since , have done to the &apos; cartel of placing &apos; the Montreal is modere to the hour of inflating contracts .
These latest weeks the unity has mortgage the registration in series of the accusations for fraud and corruption against charges municipal as Frank Zampino and Richard Marcotte Mayor the one city of the stopped .
The next the list would Gilles Vaillancourt that ends of resign the his project of mayor of Laval third city of Quebec .
They suspicion that is the embolsado bombing bribery to change the contracts public .
They has accused formally to engineers the network created the Montreal and to employers of origin Italian as Tony Accurso and Lino Zambito .
This Finally has caused shock the fact to the committee the mechanics of &apos; system &apos; the obtaining the contracts public .
dear same cost during three years a % of courage to the contracts gulf in Montreal to a broker bound to the mafia that transfirió the money to dimension Montréal the party of mayor Gérald Tremblay .
M. Zambito repartió money to Behaviour and Behaviour during the years granting more of dollars Canadians few EUR to parties provincial , on all the liberal in the power .
Admitió equally ought organised a collection of funds illegal for the ex-viceprimera Minister liberal Gevrij Normandeau .
The inflation of cost of the contracts the strain .
In Montreal the &apos; system &apos; the corruption which with efficiency .
Savary Surprenant exingeniero the works public what mover perfectly foremost the committee on ten years received gifts invitations to travel torneos the golf restaurants parties to Ice and bribery the companies of sector of the construction for a total of dollars everything that the change the contracts the strain whose costs flair .
Other officials of the network created have admitted to received money for inflating the bill between a % and a % in concept of counterfeit extra .
Moreover a inflated of party of mayor Martin Dumont unauthorised to M. Tremblay the ought fact the view blind deliberately to a budget parallel and that their coffers of money dirty .
To root of these revelations M. Tremblay resigned to principles of November and subsequently to Montreal to a crisis enormous .
Chantal Rouleau was a the rules initial policies listened to Montreal that was sound the alarm .
As mayor-making of district the Rivière-des-Prairies in the issue of the island is opposed since the sale of a ground municipal distinct for millions of dollars and revendido for millions to the promoters in full boom estate .
The % of money to the campaigns electoral was money dirty .
Indeed the research that finally been Possibly to all her ensures that remuneration &apos; the one balance for power understand the functioning of system infiltrado for hormigas for stop the gangrena and fish to the perpetrators &apos; .
And adds that the process is &apos; painful but positive &apos; .
We holidays the injured but here lack a unit to research clean in Montreal and be very vigilant for the rules practices dubious not been repeated .
How do the cleansing .
Regularmente .
Jacques Duchesneau for their part states that &apos; the officials have stolen hundreds of millions of dollars &apos; but is inquieto on all for the role of the la &apos; politicians elected the aware of the ploy &apos; .
Estimando in a % of proportion of money dirty that is liquidity to the funding of campaigns electoral in Quebec ironiza &apos; me have said that this not a more to a watered-down parent the reality &apos; .
The government quebequés proposes limit the dollars the donations to parties but that not change the donation according to &apos; while not been Crucially strictly the costs electoral will money dirty in the political &apos; .
Preconiza a review top-to-toe of system of fair the contracts public and the funding of the parties &apos; not we sink more under go to fund of the things with courage us permit rebuild the house with each of more solid with more controls and laws &apos; .
If this history pleasure the image international the Quebec and the Montreal M. Duchesneau taught to enforce the are laughing to include the mirror .
&apos; The PSG not a the Groningen Barcelona &apos; .
This season has distinct a new entity with the PSG .
How sensed that breakthrough .
They could explain why a decision-making the awareness individual but also for the new dimension of PSG .
They arrived large players .
Avanzo the day in day to their hand .
The personal technical also me has brought a .
And those elements me migration to daily to raise the level of my game .
In a party that is more easy .
All goes very quickly in the football .
But I not me acaloro .
Since my medium-long in the centre of preformación the INF Clairefontaine until my step for Saint-Etienne always have moved to steps leaps .
task to obtain benefit of the competition reclutada for Carlo Ancelotti .
The recruitment of this summer are numbers to Perhaps parties to very high level .
that the individual Invariably is crucial .
That ago that a player as my purchase dwell the fight and you all .
For another part Carlo Ancelotti me provided a in question to my strengthen .
Has broadly for Along as Claude Makelele that jugaba in the same position to my .
Ancelotti is the man to Widespread the team .
For course .
Ancelotti disposition respect to all the technical .
Today for today not there nobody Like in the League and is between the best entrenadores Europeans .
he is great experience and has won numerous titles with the best clubs .
He worked with large players .
believe that is Possibly other titles in Paris .
In January had a conversation very comforting with him .
I coordinating the objectives of a series of injury .
The confidence that is in some explains also my good performance .
What thinks on the PSG in the first part of the season .
In the League , Lyon us has taken the number of leader .
But still in the emboscada .
One the citizens elderly objectives is the League the champions us have life-saving for the octavos the end with lifestyle .
What is the aim of club in this competition .
Are to try to reach what more far possible .
To onwards the now can pass any thing .
But have a that mean cope to many and very good teams Europeans .
want to begin overcome the first of our Politically cope the Oporto for power receiving the driving the octavos the end .
The PSG can norm in a great club European to short term .
already has the budget .
For norm in a great club European Paris has to earn titles and be there is long term .
Today for today that not a the case .
To level economic the PSG is submitted to their media for the period project is constantly .
not win the glass in the League as the final season , So banana a great failure .
For course be a great disappointment .
This year we are invest all our efforts in criminality that title of champions .
In the final season not enshrined far .
In May us We a disappointment already the case with the conditions privileged to abolish first .
Andersson a season strong .
coal with points .
usually with points should have been champions .
But another team the Montpellier had a season quite best .
This year that the will the good .
Even if the large teams as the Marseille the Lyon and the Bordeaux fighting for the title believe that accommodating with the weapons for llevárnoslo .
Do that the media expect more of PSG .
It normal that fares much of us if world in this is being has investments in the players to have .
applies have accepted completely .
After the that ganáramos in house to Troyes that even been trouble with things that absence is a little frustrating .
We might what more expected to people .
never benefits win all the purposes of week .
not of the Groningen Barcelona .
try to put in march a project of game .
A team was build with time .
In the League the champions have demonstrated that we respond and be present .
Look the Manchester season-ticket that after two seasons not been achieved roughly for octavos the end and them also have invested regret .
In view of the sums invested you imaginaríamos with points of advantage to the wording .
That would allow the citizens adversaries and the championship the France .
Lyon and Marseille that not were well the season previous is the seen &apos; promising &apos; for this new PSG .
That shows that the League is one .
hope that the May can say with a rights to the despite the all the difficulties have that llevándonos the Leterme .
The PSG seems completely dependent the successes of Ibrahimovic .
better to finished that have a &apos; Zlatandependencia &apos; .
That wants say that Ibrahimovic is very competent and the bottom many goals .
He womenu'\u2019s for demonstrate that is the star of the League . .
And has proved in all the equipment for the that has past that is a great player a star global .
In the group respect the man and the player .
And him also respects the men to has to their around .
applies to the fact is truly exceptional .
That violates to the others to increase their level of game .
Thiago Silva each of the best defenders of world allows also the all enable .
How Olivier through the earlier with the team of France .
He been a disappointment .
was very happy for participate in this championship .
Unfortunately my injury me prevented consecutively time to game .
racked things Hence and pretty reinforced .
Today achievement play good parties in the selection .
It what is intended since my baptism with the &apos; blues &apos; .
Did the lesson of this is Commissioneru'\u2019s in Ukraine and to this is how to today us a behaviour exemplary .
What vision future of first month of Didier Deschamps the face of the &apos; blues &apos; .
Has moving results .
Are well located in the group of classification for the World .
The seleccionador is thorough practicable to the players and inspires to earn .
As was the case of Laurent Mont-Blanc .
But not want do comparisons .
Mont-Blanc annexed his aim of clasificarnos for the earlier .
hope that Didier Deschamps carried to the selection to Brazil .
The score 1-1 of the October in Spain constructive for lay the foundations .
scheme game us only confidence .
Every each peleó for all .
Before the period shock in Spain not in through a game vary in all my career .
With Bitcoin pay and sell without banks .
All what contrary to the exchanges monetary current object in the banks central the transactions Potočari and the burdens the prosecution between the parties .
Moreover as to often happens in the technologies the vision policy is curtailing the belief the that the system monetary current constituted the monopolies Serious brings to the crisis financial .
Indeed fact Bitcoin Zuse for Satoshi Nakamoto a pseudónimo is to the time a currency virtual converted to dollars EUR etc and a protocol the change safe to the function of BitTorrent , that allows the exchange of file of equal to Like .
They have recorded closely the transactions thanks to computers of the network .
And closely the few thousand websites website accepted the bitcoins as donations or as manner of payment .
The prices of bitcoin after having reached the top of dollars crash EUR in June the fell to dollars five months more afternoon , before the return today to haunt the ten dollars the contributions are censan in the web bitcoincharts.com . .
not a nothing impressive if we carry with the changes world in currency real or in products financial .
However the Bank Central European ECB is fighting for him in a report on the coins portals published in October .
In him is described the bitcoin as &apos; the currency virtual with more success &apos; that compete with the dollar or the euro &apos; and &apos; similar to the coins conventional &apos; .
Bitcoin is difference of other systems with types of coins portals as the &apos; appropriations &apos; used to go in a vídeojuego and the are can win playing or is can buy and even in times canjear . .
The network social Facebook developed also this type of system .
But in all exchange a authority central controls and about the changes .
With the bitcoin all the nodes the network are to the time trustees of books of accounting verifiers issuers the currency and buyers and sellers .
How works that network .
Every compromise between two users is ago in reality between two directions electrónicas in manner of e-mail electronic .
A user can do a direction different to each payment ensures case the unseen .
A whole of information compounded to this compromise is signing electronically to via the one system of Echelon to twice key .
The network can it verify the authenticity of the compromise .
Thank the content of one is also possible ensure that the changes in bitcoins record in the book the accounts public to being disseminate for all the network .
The milestone key prevent the write that new compromise in this book .
This passes for the resolution of a challenge mathematics ordnance to the money and the winner a sort of banker central provisional noon the privilege of add that online supplementary .
They talking to a phase of troceado the one is say the transformation of a great Mens in a deep numérica more shorter and only .
The computers &apos; doing &apos; the new compromise and Four a number before the &apos; trocear &apos; the whole .
The objective is find the number that offer a deep particular more zeros the principle . .
A increasingly that is position that number the other nodes verifican easily that is the good .
The compromise is position then indestructiblemente meanwhile to the chain of sets of the other transactions across modification replaced the left .
If for commit a fraud a user like pay two sometimes with the same money very quickly in less the ten minutes the network only perhaps as reasons a the rules two transactions the other is stay huérfana , already the sides have fingerprints different .
The computer that given the challenge is brings bitcoins .
For avoid the inflation that she is divided in two regularly with most before the end of . .
The number of bitcoins in circulation is therefore limited to million but are divisible until the cienmillonésimo what is leaves a margin broader .
The difficulty of this challenge is which also in every increase the power of calculation .
The life of the network has already their ups .
The websites website that offered services for Bitcoin have been attacked and is the stolen bitcoins in exempting .
&apos; The ruling used not affects the same protocol &apos; ensures Pierre Noizat that ends of launch Paymium a company of payment in currency real that such the network Bitcoin .
The ECB has the account addition the chances of blanquo the money thanks to this service anonymous .
But the money in transactions where the same fault .
The actors the weight as Wikipedia reject the payments of this type .
Other as the platform Wordpress the accepted .
Recently accuses Shamir and Dorit Ron of Insitito Weizmann in Israel experts the book the accounting and deaf to close the % of bitcoins not freely .
In November is given the &apos; cheap giants &apos; .
&apos; They cambiaron dollars &apos; is regocija Jon Holmquist that works to Coinabul that becomes the bitcoins in gold .
Pierre Noizat author of a book hashish on this currency believes quite in the potential of this technology addition the in the network of transactions .
Their system Paytunia equivalent to a card the credit in currency real or to a payment for mobile without contact but used Bitcoin for headings the transactions that it happily more cheap .
The SLORC addition managed his identity and can we therefore tall in the unseen .
The system is easy to put in march in the shops that not have to establish new terminales nor softwares .
them enough to supply a direction to a telephone conclusion &apos; fotografiar and recognise &apos; organization Pierre Noizat that ensures having thousands of users .
There a movement general the review of the systems aggressor for systems more horizontal .
&apos; will lack a time to the Bitcoin is people but in could have a change &apos; predice .
For another part in its report the ECB provides enhance the risks various today considered salaries in case of the this currency purchase success .
have been the Afghanistan .
And later .
The troops French abandoned his zone the responsibility in Afghanistan Kapisa and Surobi . .
The NATO and the Americans must escape to purposes of . .
It hour of the army spelling economics possession of their territory and the Afghan choosing his future without wait nothing to us .
have punish on all the farmers Afghan to the that we have terrorists .
And to us ourselves with our soldiers murdered more the injured and the terrorist .
The Taliban count with extremist foreign and former Heads refugees in Pakistan but to often also with peasants that reject the presence of army abroad as the day of the Soviets .
want defend their traditions ancient and arcaicas even if the their causes are beings.&apos; the terrorists the clearest the Arab the uzbecos or the tayikos .
Tolerados to sometimes even house for the insurgents local accurately already not what vision when the western is imperative more discreet .
The starting to the troops French the basis of Nijrab that no since what high-level the rules hill peaches the almendros thanks to the appropriations French is did you agenda .
The convoys the lorry and the tanks el to Kabul without suffer circumstances attack spotlight for the helicopters .
not be everywhere in Taliban in Kabul to onwards the end of . .
The circumstances have changed since its breakthrough irresistible between and . .
Kabul was then gap and the country dragged in firearms and blood to cause of the struggles between different factions .
Their decision-making the control of country in been perceived as a sort of liberation the return to the safety .
The Afghan have paid the price of obscurantism of their peasants behind for the organisation Al-Qaeda but its situation not a better today .
The Old muyahidines the government current and the current Taliban stake the desire to keep to the women in a position inferior .
The main personalities the war antisoviética mercifully the power in . .
They have become the speculators manipulating with land non-governmental for revenderlos as mirrors for the refugees to have journey the Iran and Pakistan multinational to the couple of enormous contracts American the rationale .
Are desacreditados the majority of them not have fought .
The People according I heard in the field ambition to a government is not deliver formed for honour .
Many young want leave as well is spent the that have travelled profit the generosity American the brain the capital is considerable .
The young are tired of the war and the their ideologies .
They through the world modern during their exilios in Iran or Pakistan and the appreciated their advantages .
With around the one % of their population unemployed the years Kabul account now same with million of inhabitants a fifth part of the population total .
In the cities the schools state are flooded therefore the girls as the children .
Will that give work to those young to do childless again the obscurantism of the former parties or to the corruption of individual leaders .
all including the opposition armed are fevered the mobile phones The television and their folletines Turks that similar a world modern has large admirers in all the country .
The army is now before .
They Follow-up legitimate the authorities to want directing the country .
The ancient staff of the fight antisoviética is concerned already the Contact the militias provincial that huirán of power central .
Afghanistan country of mountains the strong identities local should power benefit of a certain decentralization to image of the nations Western However the States United what has to peace in a state centralised with a power presidential strong seeks the number of first minister to existed since the constitution of . .
The president Karzai not wants the control abroad in particular with reason to the elections planned in April the . .
not however his country depends the aid foreign since the years and even before .
No industry has reestablecido their services not been has managed circumstances embalse nor is the resolution the systems of Irrigation important .
All is imported and not been produces nothing except fruit and vegetables .
The priority is leaves to the initiative private .
In a country ruined after years of war would been necessary the control officials .
They expandió the rumour the that Afghanistan possessed Massive riches mines .
And that not did more to increase the sense of the western were there is seizing the them .
However energy for draw the mineral the iron or the aims of ground and without media the transport for export to via the rules mountains not there exploitation mining .
The Chinese already almost have abandoned the mines the aims of Month Aynak letting that the exhibit international financed by the Bank World excaven the massive agonising búdico and remain there as the employers more important to the province .
will also lack that Afghanistan and Pakistan country of the depend widely the imports and the exports restored their relations normal .
The troops French how the November .
The new treaty of cooperation provides the continuation of the aid traditional schools of girls schools of children a department of French in the university the Institute veils the cooperation in the fields military legal health and agricultural and the support to the delegation resist .
Since with the path of try &apos; gain the hearts and the present &apos; and the land the impossible task of do that the aid and the actions offensive coincidan , a service of &apos; actions civilians and military &apos; of Ministry the protection Cimic , of the , assassins and did attract to via the one small NGOs French numerous jobs the interest collective and actions of rehabilitation agricultural in tens of villages the mountain .
These jobs golosos the obtain momentum of rights local have shown help to contain the national irrigation wells water drinking reforestation trees fruit protection solar and increase the land of cultivation .
What euro-zone as remember after two million of euros in expenses military .
A budget more well modest contribute to the improvement of the conditions of life local very strong in these gorgonzola located to often to more of metres of speaking .
The queue received tens of demands asking with small proposals agricultural investment by communities local the province of Kapisa .
For that is rescinded the national Inquiry to all for the groups foreign something that the farmers me have said that want here lack maintain a small aid civil well controlled and the them comes directly .
A Constitution with fórceps in Egypt .
It a new twice or nothing of president Mohammed Morsi .
Meanwhile that Egypt is more divided that never in question to the declaration constitutional that you bestows provisionally powers non-citizen him decided play the everything for the everything .
Cogió to all the world for surprise the Wednesday when announced that the Assembly constituent shadow his text final the day next .
ago that only a week the head of state in prioritised two months more to start Assembly for overcome their jobs .
And ago almost two years to Egypt shop a text provisional several times amended what is weakened the stability institutional and has to embrollos judicial .
This new initiative not been done more to increase the rift in the country .
For their opponents the president upheld in its &apos; delusion autocrático &apos; and continues &apos; betraying his word &apos; and &apos; trampling the right &apos; .
For part of their supporters are ensures that is about the one measure to overcome more quickly with the crisis institutional and political and speed the process of transition .
In the next days should mood a referendum .
A span the time very short that obliges to the Muslim to renounce to their project of explain the text Article for Article to the direction .
For the president was about also the one way of recover a legitimize popular and democratic while the product cause havoc in all the country .
Mohammed Morsi seems convinced the that the direction radicals to their favour as confirmed in a interview the respectable American Viacom .
kick the period resource is the voted with great quickly contains a set for the people Egyptian &apos; or ignore my text or stay the powers non-citizen &apos; powers that supposed audience to their end with the adoption of the constitution .
It in this environment strange in the that Member the this Assembly constituent Islamist in its great majority voted the text yesterday .
The majority of the liberal not vote to the competition .
To middle of November a little before the declaration constitutional previously closed the door because considered to do could do assert their points of view .
The representatives of the rights human the minorities religious and the society civil Those what same .
To end of the are pleasure the present necessary yesterday for the morning is Yes to people Member substitutes to all haste .
Some the work are very closest to the Muslim Muslims .
As endure wait the articles highly-qualified what has been for unanimity .
To the commentators them ago grace for other hand the fact the that a the rules few discrepancies the wording was very well virtually to the hour of the sentence therefore is it is several Member of committee arrived to consider that the clock the assembly was wrong .
The text that yesterday afternoon was still remains voted consists of articles .
The Article subjected to all the eyes , continues remains finally adding the constitution of , that recall that &apos; the principles of the sharia constitute the source main of law &apos; .
The parties salafistas for those of establishment of the law Islamic is a vindication fundamental expecting that is suitable replace &apos; the principles &apos; for &apos; the rules &apos; what is liked allowed a application more strict .
For the Islamists that this article not very been amended is a guarantee of their good willingness and the his respect towards the other components the society Egyptian .
The Liberals what tachan the hypocrisy and publicity that not been talking more to the one sleight advertising .
According them to Islam the constitution is ago to via the other articles .
They referring to special the article that allows to the University Al-Azhar a role advisory , in particular to all the that very the confirm its compliance with the laws of the sharia .
According the specialist in Egypt Sophie Pommier is worrying because &apos; the people so-called to speak not a senior and not has none legitimacy democratic .
Here detect the premises of a theocracy &apos; .
The fears of the liberal is standing addition increased by the fact the that the next rector of time university would rather less moderate that the current .
&apos; For now not there is involvement religious concrete .
With this constitution are in the framework of state civil .
The majority of the experts to have working in this text not the mullah but university some of them educated in the system French &apos; explains Alexis Blouet that shape a base on the transition constitutional Egyptian .
But recognises that can have some ambiguity in around the article , therefore the terms employees imitan the vocabulary religious .
&apos; We talking in concrete the term iqh case-law Islamic ndlr . .
And the question is could arise in the future be in what measure are the judges civilians competent for anyone for above the everything that &apos; .
Over beyond the his character religious the text voted yesterday has received many criticisms that is referring to the powers prize that allows the president of the Republic .
The Muslim Muslims alegarán that are few in comparison with the that were during the previous regime .
Another point contention the powers conferred the army .
accordance the desire to the military the review of budget of defence not be subjected to Parliament but to a board national the defence .
Nor is banned the bundle of civilians in courts military as protestors the partnerships for the defence of the rights human .
These also deaf their concerns relating to text that publicity curtailing .
The crime of blasphemy is keeps and the now in forward the abuse are prohibited what is could rail serious consequences for the freedom of expression on all the press .
Moreover circumstances Article emphasises the protection of the women underlines Heba Morayef the Rights Watch .
According her what unique positive has been the ban the torture the agreement with the article . .
The word not envisaged in the constitution previous .
Although the president Egyptian publishes escape yesterday for the night in the television is scheduled demonstrations for this midday .
The supporters of head of state is signals the Saturday .
In Israel to the tourists Ukrainian them expect the land holy the exalted of world and a sea of brined .
The Earth promised condemnatory the ambivalent the rules truths bíblicas with the comfort modern and a prístina nature .
&apos; AIF &apos; lighthouse the five reasons more important for the that is how visiting Israel .
Reverencia in the earth Holy .
benefiting the worth visiting the river where there was soup .
They believes that anyone that joining in this &apos; battery bautismal &apos; eminent the grace god-given .
And Operation the place in the miracles of Jesus the conversion of water in wine in the wedding walking on the waters the appeasement of the storm and the networks teem .
In this same place Jesus Spiegelu'\u2019. foremost their Disciples later the ordained .
But the main amount of places holy is position in Jerusalem .
The believers travel here the Viacrucis or the route to the Cross the Jesus in Latin &apos; Approach Dolorosa &apos; . .
starts in the Fortress the Di the Pretorio where is completed the trial and continues for the streets of the City levelling goes to survived Sepulcro in the Athos Gólgota the place in the crucifixión to the Stone the Unción and the place in resting-place the Jesus .
In this same place is position also the Ombligo Christian symbolic of world that symbolises the cure the humanity .
And the monastery of the Holy Cross in Jerusalem built in the place where according to legends Christian had a tree of the are did the cross for the crucifixión the Jesus .
In Jerusalem is position also the place more sacred for the Jews the Wall the rules Wailing the leftovers of a temple destroyed by the Romans in the year DC .
As is tradition People the different religions leaves here answering with their wishes to remain is you reality .
Making a journey side .
The ruins of the Fortress Masada was what is became the one refuge secret against the enemies that Herod the been unable build in the year to wait for their family .
They lie in the acantilados the mountain to a level of values on the level of sea .
And reaching until there for their own media only be Especially that is devoted to the escalation .
The others can reach to this summit historic in the funicular .
And in the north of country to a whole of values are position to famous station the ski Hermón where the months of winter there is great Next the tourists .
far there since the ordinary the hill is offered services in bus .
The length total of the runway the ski is the km .
According a former residual in the top of the mountain supposed habitaban gods paganos .
Visiting museums ones .
In this country is around the museums .
In a only journey not podrás visit all .
But purpose the worth visiting for this least five of them the most interesting .
Among them is the Museum the Israel nearing closely the sign Parliament Israeli . .
In him is Globally the former Manuscritos of Sea Rhine-Main-Danube or Rollos the Qumrán investigations in the underground of desert of Judea and around the thousand parts archaeological and antropológicas .
benefiting the worth visiting the Museum the College in Tel .
In his explanatory the varnish account of lienzos the impresionistas and expresionistas such as Monnet Pissarro Renoir Cézanne Sisley Matisse Modigliani Apollinaire or artistic .
In Acre is can visiting the museo-baño At Basha that are some rooms the former bathing Turks with figures model of visitors and bathers the day era .
In Cesarea purpose the worth pass for the preserveu'\u2019of museum private Ralli where is can fingers the house of Rodin and Dalí .
uncertain not there guides boils nor shops the suvenires .
The entry is free and categorically not been accepted donations .
The fifth the Museum of Holocaust or Yad in Tel shows a the rules pages more dramatic the history .
The section more tragic is the Memorial the children built in memory of the millions of children murdered in the camps of concentration and the chambers the gas .
Entras in him and you find the absolute darkness .
The stars brillan .
And sound the names of the children Jews and the names of the countries in the that were the life .
Ukraine is indeed also .
Health .
The three main areas attracting the Israel is lie to banks of sea Mediterranean the sea Red and the sea Rhine-Main-Danube .
In each one of them are pools parks pedalos delfinarios and museums oceanográficos .
It remarkable that the sea Red is bathing even in the months of winter already the temperature of water not low the degrees and the air is heats until the degrees .
The sea Rhine-Main-Danube is still more warm and there is peopled during everything the year .
For true this sea the most exceptional in the world is position in the point more under the planet to values under the level of sea .
The waters blue the there are a brined that easily maintain until the that not know swim .
The landscape of the household are truly dreadfully .
The People arrives here to happen courses the treatment with water Smoltine brined and barros curative and fortificar his health in cases of farming allergies asthma eczema artritis bronchitis diabetes and for put in order their breached reinforcing .
Tocando the mysteries the condition .
The retains the part former the Tel the flow of Jaffa in the coast Mediterranean .
For her Did the famous route maritime that unía Egypt Syria Anatolia and Mesopotamia .
The city is cited in the ancient myths Greek and Egyptian .
According account the myth was here where Noé built his arca and Perseo rescued to the a Andrómeda with cast in this same place subsequently a long and happy life .
To the tourists them love wander for the struck streets that leads the names of the signs of Zodiaco .
rod that if tocas the walls in the streets of your &apos; same &apos; symbol the developments you will favourable .
In Jaffa is can find couples the newly nationals ​ that disgraceful the all parties to Israel and even the other countries to fotografiarse .
And in Cesarea the city of king Herod is can wander for the battle Roman &apos; taken &apos; the strength of the crusaders .
In the time Roman Cesarea was the city main the Judea and the residence the procuradores Romans included Pontius .
The theatre Great restored is used now to concerts night and performances the opera .
Turistas remember .
If travels to Israel not been worry if their English leaves a that desired in this country around the % of the population talks Russian .
The money for this journey not a manifestly initiated in EUR but in dollars that can be easily cambiados to shéquels currently $ 8 shéquels . .
The transport urban is consists mainly the buses but in Jerusalem there tranvía quickly and in Haifa is position to single online the metre of country to consists of six stations and connects the City Lower with the City united .
In reality is the one funicular underground .
Air in any kind of transport public costs shéquels and for this price is can travel doing transbordo during hours .
In Israel according to tradition Jewish the lottery is Penalty the Sabbat .
Since the night of Friday until the call the sun of Saturday markets and shops close and the transport public adjourned his work .
But the Sunday for the morning starts a new week labour .
In many cafés restaurants and hotels only is serves food kosher that excludes meat the pig shell fish without escamas and dishes in the that is combining milk and meat .
uncertain is offered a wider selection the dishes to basis of meat the mountains and lion soup and postres prepared to milk the villain the traditional &apos;You hebrea so-called hummus great variety of soya the faláfel that are balls of garbanzo molido fruit and vegetables .
In the streets of the cities Israelis not been standing dogs stray .
In change there many cats well misleading that &apos; is roam to their taste &apos; the function achievement .
For the night portray ex-wife gone even on the ceilings the cars aparcados .
To the ronroneadores them crazy the places concurridos and not reject the exacting .
The rent the one car depending the mark cost of $ Hyundai Getz to $ Quattro A6 Umeå S80 the day .
Moreover of safe to its for $ the day .
And the rent the one bicycle him recycle for shéquels the day .
The tickets to the museums cost a average of shéquels .
Israel in figures .
In dispatching Israel more of three million of tourists the everything the world .
The majority of the that arrived to go to country and rejoin were citizens of US Russia France Germany Italy Kingdom UK and Ukraine .
The Earth regain the January to October was visited by thousand tourists Ukrainian , amount that exceeds in a % to same index of year , before the settlement of regime in visa ​ the February the . .
&apos; The large and powerful &apos; you Possibly until Moscow immigrants savers for the language .
Meanwhile Members and defenders of the rights human Statute on the consequences that alerted the law on the examination compulsory already been appeared in the country dupe that trade with Certified &apos; false &apos; .
Every year 13 million of workers immigrants arriving to Moscow St Petersburg and other cities in Russia .
In his majority are citizens of countries of Asia central Uzbekistan Tajikistan and Turkmenistan .
Their unique objective is win money for help to their families to being have relatively in house .
Since the December enters in force a law according to opened each immigrant labour preferably perform a examination for checking their knowledge of the language Russian .
For now this rule is applicable only for Especially that from the intention of work in the sector of provision of services institutions of services Community services domestic and trade the for consumers .
However with the time as promise in the Service Federal the immigration the examinations is you obligatory for all the immigrants .
Moreover not be enough to war the examination of the language if not also the history Russian and the foundations the legislation .
The knowledge of the language is left confirm even for receiving and renew the permit the work .
are exception the citizens of the countries where the Russian is the language official .
not employee subject to this law to people to succeed obtain their Certified the education and qualifications before the dissolution of the Union Soviet in . .
Utilidad fatal and defence of the rights .
The network of centres examiners work auspices for the Institute the Lengua Russian Pushkin the University the Friendship the repealing the University imposition of Moscow the University imposition of St Petersburg and other institutions of education higher Russian .
The immigrants able stand to the tests in all the cities now same in Russia are open more of centres of this type .
The initiative on the introduction of examination was supported by the members of the Duma imposition and for the Service Federal the immigration .
But the defenders of the rights much before the that the law fulfilled in force Reformation many times do this question to the press So And what proof that the reality .
What changes Maintaining the connection of knowledge of the language therefore to the Russians as for the own immigrants .
In first place answer the representatives of Service the immigration this possible reduce the number of people to suffer &apos; slavery labour &apos; .
Many People talks today on the defence of the rights of the immigrants labour explains Victor Sebelev head of the representation of Service Federal the immigration of Russia in Tajikistan .
The defence of their rights must It before the his starting .
Only a system of selection organised permit resolve the problem of the workers immigrants in a % of the cases .
The problems the basic the immigrants without profession education the that not know the language nor spend the control doctor .
However the understanding of the language claims Sebelev the future immigrant is taken condemned to find people without unscrupulous that with the pretext of help him pains a &apos; viajecito paid &apos; to a horrifying and close covacha where him and dozens of other as to being consume during months without food or documents working in the hours a day .
received a variety of complaints the citizens immigrants .
&apos; In his homeland them promise a thing but the fact are deceived is they deprived of their passports not they paid the wages desperately &apos; confirms the leader of the Directorate the immigration labour of Service the immigration of Tajikistan Tolib Sharipov .
not been enoje jefecito .
However while therefore many citizens of the republics of Asia Central that want work in Russia recognise that not only not know the language of country to the do go but that addition the his language own write with difficulty .
For course this not a therefore his fault but its own Unfortunately are few the Outer uzbecos tayikos that Public given the luxury of receiving education primary normal .
This is how to the their families even not have nothing to give the feed to the children for not to already the vestirlos calzarlos and comprarles what necessary to the school .
At reaching to the adolescence these boys is safeguarded to work to the first opportunity .
It difficult if not been knows the language recognise them .
&apos; One is impossible Scott and inferior &apos; .
However in this is being refers to the law on the language the defenders of the rights guarding a point important .
The examinations is some to all only for Especially immigrants whose status make legal .
If not have that status not be nor examination and in consequence circumstances work official .
Meanwhile therefore the majority of the workers immigrants continuing abject in Russia illegally .
&apos; to or an the step to distant &apos; .
Many visitors claim that receiving the status official in our country not a very easy .
The cause is in the obstacles bureaucratic and in the difficulties in the language in itself .
Moreover the legalisation costs money to twelve thousand to sixteen thousand rublos .
However a register false is can do quickly and for only thousand businesses rublos .
The employees of the police Russian know that generally We documents false not we Out and most the cases of extortion .
&apos; We ring hundred or spending rublos for cigarette or tea &apos; likened to the journalists the citizen of Tajikistan Umed Hushkadamov .
&apos; Are not steal tacaño buying a paint &apos; .
The first day of the first in force of the law on the language is clear the observation that not only the documents of registration of immigrants can be false .
Several Certified &apos; false &apos; the knowledge of the language already been made fake for officials of Service Federal the immigration .
The documents counterfeit previously been printed in impresoras standard of colour .
For course arrived to the hands of the new owners not as part each immigrant queriéndose facilitate the task of pass the tests cost for the document seven thousand rublos .
This is two sometimes and half more expensive that the procedure official of examination that cost the worker immigrant three thousand rublos .
The main task for a future next is protect the system against the corruption for the &apos; Recognition &apos; not been Public buy convergen the officials of government and the defenders of the rights .
far the moment the authorities can reconversion to the workers immigrants that not given able pass with success the examination the first time more time to sending the course basic the language .
Moreover to the immigrants that not subrogate Russian is they offer jobs that not require communication active with the people .
The Ministry of Interior not take measures clamp against the trade illegal the weapons .
The percentage of crimes committed with weapons registered is quite reduced .
The Ministry of Interior proposes implement the law with greater rigidez in relationship to the owners of weapons of use civil .
This is the response of government foremost the latest incidents Apretar shots during festivities the weddings in the that we Fortunately not one victims and the massacre generated by the lawyer missionaries Apollinaire Vinográdov in the that Apretar seven people were the life .
The police wants ban the use and the office of weapons traumatic in places public and raise the age minimum for the obtaining the licence for portar weapons of years to have .
This idea was supported by the head of committee of the Duma in fight the safety and fight against the corruption Irina Yarovaya cast promised to the reforms in the law on the office weapons vision Europeans to the Duma of state in a future next .
not all been feel pleased with the fact the that the authorities Russian Purely dealing the counter this problem judgement the &apos; policy of labour repressed &apos; .
In the network has appeared a letter open whose authors representatives of different organisations social the travelling demand that is to the other measures to &apos; rigurosidad without sense &apos; .
The percentage of acts of tolerance with use of weapons registered is minimum likened the service of news BBC the Russia the lawyer criminalista Vasiliy Lésnikov .
According statistics of Ministry of Interior during six months of year is Macedonian crimes with use of weapons of firearms registered in organs of Interior cope the total of crimes handle for this same period .
The authors of the letter open are insurance the that a legislation more strict in the sector of weapons of use civil not be a disadvantage for the criminal is contribute to market black .
Now according their words in Moscow is can find any weapon to lower price .
Meanwhile therefore in the Ministry of Interior is claims to the situation in the proliferation of weapons illegal is position under control .
Proveedores since factories until official .
The market black the weapons are sources to via the several channels .
The channels main are years says the negotiating withdrawn Victor Baranets cast during ten years worked in the Ministry the Education and in the High State Army .
Humane the screen of siege website that accepts orders of weapons .
The First &apos; foothold of faction or military &apos; is say the weapons that were flown during the actions military in the Caucasus .
&apos; The weapons were hurtadas for the official Russians and for the ourselves caucásicos &apos; says Baranets .
The next type of &apos; weapon black &apos; the stolen by the and representatives of the forces of safety .
Baranets explains that here is include the weapons hurtadas the department of the police and temporarily flown directly by officials of the organs the compliance the law .
The weapons illegal happily to the sale since the arsenals military .
In many arsenals military to often had explosions .
&apos; exist versions unsubstantiated the that some fires were rooted premeditadamente for developing the lack &apos; observing a exmilitar .
According Baranets the manufacturers of weapons also correctly his or the part .
&apos; Now have proliferating factories private the weapons that not the competitive in the market international and sacks weapons under merry the market black included the Moscow &apos; says the expert .
A source more of market black is the smuggling .
Great amount of pistols and machine coming to countries poor as Kyrgyzstan .
&apos; uncertain count with their own production to sometimes non-industrial and is the breakup a mafia that has organised the flow of weapons &apos; explains the former military .
Indeed where disgraceful the weapons .
The experts have calculated what is the participation shorter the individual a the these sources of supply of weapons illegal the market black .
A report on this issue was drafted in for the Centre the analysis of problems and planning of the management public .
The specialists experts reports of Ministry of Interior and the Rosstat bibliografía criminológica and data the access public to virtual whose implore novel in around the rules weapons .
The great majority of the weapons illegal according the researchers coming to the forces armed and the rules forces of safety .
The half of the weapons of market black has come there &apos; for fault of officials whose work is connected with the weapons &apos; is says in the report .
According the researchers the % of the weapons coming to places where there conflicts armed the % of the cases are stolen during the production of weapons and the % corresponds to the &apos; archaeological illegal &apos; .
The dependent the one of the shops the weapons that asked to their surname not were mentioned says that the weapons bookshelf for excavadores illegal not the purchasing nobody since ago already a time because they too adding .
Over to often says the suppliers are encounter to stores military when need a starting .
To via the somewhere alférez the supplier buying a unit for example a pistol TT .
The laid the registration and the spend for above the fence .
&apos; giving brings the weapon to the city and the sells to EUR for unit with two Interoperability &apos; us account .
&apos; But clear the police this the therefore the all the issues case that regular when there is comply the plan to discovery of crimes doing purchases the test to the traders the weapons illegal &apos; adds the dependent .
&apos; As in a boutique the luxury &apos; .
The seller and the foundation usually found to via the known .
&apos; visited pages website and blogs until the one type is me nominated that would to the platform &apos; Begovaya &apos; where excellent a man to me instead to a &apos; esquinita &apos; where could negotiate .
From price of weapon me chairman only there &apos; .
Comentarista military Viktor Baranets .
&apos; For achieving a weapon need a friend that purchase contacts &apos; says the dependent the shop &apos; I a friend case but not trust much in him &apos; .
In the markets there sellers but there also been has to reach finished &apos; the part of Mr Ivanovih that asked to him stating that is you had fallen a tooth to their daughter &apos; .
Even can achieve a couple of manoplas the steel to via the one person to confidence .
dear also me the country only to me because knows that not him question to delatar .
The job looking weapons of different ways .
The former military Viktor Baranets is clear to test in the role of buyer the weapons illegal to middle of the years , when are making to publish a Article on this issue .
The odd according their words not have changed .
Le Boarding a album of fine where not in &apos; the everything &apos; .
&apos; I felt as the one boutique the luxury &apos; reminds the military .
At buyer according words of Baranets not him offered ride for hare everything we that there is can prove .
I as client potential not only perhaps we have the foundation the forest where our a target .
&apos; I babies the opportunity to shoot and when you Emma the that the weapon definitely well began to negotiate &apos; describes the procedure the expert .
Tienda the sofas .
The engines of search website nowhere to places and groups of &apos; Vkontakte &apos; where is offered buy weapons &apos; for different Poettering &apos; .
For this not been required circumstances document nor events personal .
&apos; It enough having a certain amount of money &apos; write in the titulo of passengers advertising &apos; Comprar a pistol or a decapitated &apos; .
uncertain the users are their orders and correctly questions .
And sold to minors the age .
&apos; However permit for course &apos; question the user &apos; Iván &apos; mis-spellings conservada . .
&apos; drug gunpoint TT Moscow &apos; lacónicamente raises his question &apos; Fedorenkov &apos; .
The Service Federal the Security has created a huge network of places website People-trafficking and instead to two hands to enforce the target buy weapons of firearms .
And the people goes as eaten hungry towards the bait and then to draw coal in Siberia .
comentarista military and exmilitar Viktor Baranets .
have heard talk of these systems for this general the website is reported outside the scope of the laws Russian .
The People ago the orders .
The buyer responsibilities the payment to via the one cash dispenser .
&apos; In answer him dispatches a photograph and the instructions for the decision where is hidden the weapon &apos; tracing the secretary of press the NGOs &apos; The right to the weapons &apos; Dmitri Kislov .
Viktor Baranets claims to whether is ago a asked in line each was still without weapon and we chips in the prison .
The Service Federal the Security has created a huge network of places website People-trafficking and instead to two hands to enforce the target buy weapons of firearms .
&apos; And the people goes as eaten hungry towards the bait and then to draw coal in Siberia &apos; claims him .
Makarov for dollars .
In the purchasing the weapons of firearms illegal according the experts each was can spend the to dollars .
According Dmitri Kislov the NGOs &apos; The right to the weapons &apos; a pistol Makarov is can acquire for dollars .
They preferably wait a month and half .
It informing since the department military for the Heads the senior half .
Indeed agreement with the statistics official of ministry in comparison with the period enero-octubre the number total of these crimes in Russia is reduced in a % what is represents and the number of cases at the theft and extortion the weapons , weapons , explosives and artefacts explosives tripling in a % .
They correctly in strike the employees of restaurants the food quick and supermarkets in US .
far a quarter part of adolescents American lie their first jobs as machines in &apos; McDonald la Lloyd &apos; .
In the past days in the States United is the talks a wave of protests against the low wages that is paid in the supermarket the manoeuvres Walmart and in restaurants the rules popular chains the food quick such as &apos; McDonald la Lloyd &apos; Burger King &apos; Taco Bell &apos; Wendy la Lloyd &apos; and &apos; Kentucky Fried Chicken &apos; .
For now nobody is nobody to support if arrive or not this wave to the nine points or if has aimed lose forces and amansarse in their early stages .
The actions of protest count with the support the trade and the one series of NGOs the heart .
Moreover of rising the gulf wages contemplate for the workers in Walmart and the of system of food quick the aim of the organizers the rules protests is the creation of trade in workers in these businesses .
For now this sector of the economy virtually not been made occupied by the movement unions .
Forty-one and six cents the year .
The actions fossil the week Last later the day of Action the Thank the so-called &apos; Friday Black &apos; scheme day in States United coomenzaba the orgy of cheap that pelagics to million of inhabitants and the to sometimes National accompanied of clashes .
scheme day some workers in the manoeuvres Walmart that employs to million of people in the world abandoned their jobs the work and formaron guards the protest together to the trade and activists the heart in the shops the manoeuvres whose products are encounter to people of revenue modest and moderates .
Walmart sells the everything since pañales rifles the hunting and batteries for cars until aspiradores eggs and milk .
The products in their shops are the average between a % and a % more cheap that the supermarket more large .
It for this is many workers bad Throughout the Walmart buy only in the work .
The availability and the impact of products have done in Walmart a the rules corporations more large the America .
According the words two critical Walmart can afford the luxury of sell products to very under price in part because paid little to their workers .
These recent also been complain of the poor conditions labour such as the lack of montacargas or scanners the momentum .
scheme &apos; Friday Black &apos; the participants of the demonstration ruinous the increase the wages and is complained the that the cost of safe to health guidelines for the manoeuvres Commissioneru'\u2019s the to dollars month .
For a worker typical of Walmart that receives dollars for hour this expenditure is excessive said .
Científicos the University the California in Berkeley argue that if Walmart increased the wage half until $ for hour this him cost to the manoeuvres 500 the dollars .
This is more a % more of this is spent in wages now .
If Walmart spur the commission wage in the shoulders of the consumers each visit to the shop them chooses only cents more expensive .
In a year them Ultimately the ridiculous amount of dollars more of this is Possibly now .
The supporters of Walmart spread satisfied that the protest had place so only in nine states and the not cancelled none loss to the manoeuvres .
The &apos; Friday Black &apos; is prolonged in their shops since the late of Thursday until the midnight of day next and for that time Walmart miscalculations around the articles for second .
In total their boxes tills post-election the &apos; Friday Black &apos; almost million of transactions .
The representative of the company answers Fogelman declared in a interview the website of left-wing Huffington Post that red his project of work &apos; least the five &apos; employees of Walmart and the protest not in been more to &apos; another trick the relations public &apos; organised by the union of workers .
&apos; cash free &apos; .
The protests continued this week in New York in the that the objectives not were precisely the large stores Walmart that the this comprehensive city not they have high and for this for now not there none , but the &apos; McDonald la Lloyd &apos; and other restaurants cheap .
McDonald la Lloyd says that sells thousands of millions of pieces and then nor even you Umeå the lowest for disease and not you pay for your work honest .
Jumaane Alto member of Council long-serving the New York .
Currently the agreement with the law federal and the New York the wage minimum is the $ for hour .
The restaurants the food quick what van increasing with the time but only slightly and the average the workers Parliamentary receive in New York dollars for hour .
Nobody earns least that them in this town .
How is possible survive in New York with this money for me is something incomprehensible .
was a time when almost the fourth part of the adolescents American 1990s for the McDonald la Lloyd and worked there behind the departure to time part-time later the school although still kept with their parents .
Few were the that pretended this as the main source of revenue or planearan Missing there a time .
Now constantly tropiezo in a interviews with workers in McDonald la Lloyd that is complain of the basic that live in this wage and to sometimes even herbivores to their children .
For another side in a forum the magazine Wall Journal there a comment whose author Other that is irresponsible having children if not know with what you to feed .
The participants in the protests that fossil to the : the morning of Thursday in the McDonald la Lloyd the 40th Journal and Madison Avenue ruinous that the cash and broth the food quick is they start to pay for this least $ for hour or make the are they youth his salary minimum current .
also ruinous that the sector of the food quick is having unions the workers .
The law of the euro prohibits to the administration Legislation this right and punish to the activists of movement unions with tricks and redundancies .
For another part rarely increasingly the administration them facilitates the life .
But for reasons objective is easy to the trade abarquen the sector of food rápid .
A the rules main is the excessive rotating the staff .
Discordantes .
Ruidosas protests resulted place this same day in other restaurants cheap the Manhattan .
The culmination of the action had place to half of rally in the McDonald la Lloyd nearing closely the Times Square in the that participated several politicians democrats local in particular the member of Council long-serving the city Jumaane Alto that he &apos; McDonald la Lloyd says that is sold thousands of millions of pieces and then nor even you five-minute a hospital nor you paid for your work honest &apos; .
The demonstrators received the support the other outstanding democrats the New York for example of candidate to Mayor the city Philips the Blasio that he is &apos; must support to the workers the sector of food quick for the overriding receiving wages fair and the prosperity economic that is deserves each neoyorkino &apos; .
As what described the newspaper New York Times this has been the main demonstration of this type in the history American the food quick .
But in her participated only few hundreds of people even not all them were employees of service of food quick in the that trabakan tens of thousands of people of New York .
still not is clear whether this help the lit for provoke a movement massive .
&apos; For now tricked the brain not quite so easy &apos; .
The subject of the reality Created so popular between the sports to the technologies modern topical is very with normal mainly to via the prism of glasses special .
To auditing the summer in its conference annual Google proved a model in movement and subsequently in November is learned that Microsoft had tabled also a request for demand the imprisonment patent .
However the one conversation with the head of group of technology interactive 3D in the laboratory of Microsoft the Cambridge Izadi Sharamom is dilucidó that is the scientists the time company the glasses already divorcing to a stage Last .
To them they attracts the prospect of the manipulation of these portals in the air with the hands naked and the creation of schools portals open .
For favour in terms broadly So what is the path of study of their group of research .
We measure to the interaction persona-ordenador but addition treat the broadened the limits of this interaction .
For now the humanity in its great mass has effect trapped in the stage of work with the píxeles the screen flat to sometimes the heart with the finger .
But us to cope years later and intend the changes scattered in this interaction .
For example the video Xbox and the sensors Kinect represent a step forward and today in day circumstances Xbox is sells without Kinect already the to all they interested the control for at .
So What more we evaluate the future .
To despite the that Kinect has a the interaction the level physical great part of one still happens in a screen flat to sometimes in 3D .
The introduction of information has speedier the system receives more data , and the exit still not a very good .
We dealing the change this working in systems of nigh truly tridimensionales object ​ in different technologies including the design .
They must do the world of the conclusion the group to physical do more tangible .
For this without however is necessary recognise not only the user but also the space is what surrounds .
then can optimistic the world real with me portals the one way more will .
In first place generalized the frying with those questioners helmets the reality virtual .
So What thinks you on the control for voice .
A detail very popular but not believes that we sobreestiman .
Of that not been asked can considered a panacea remains outstanding the resolve the issue of privacy already the not always been wants to the others are everybody the our actions and intentions .
Indeed fact all the types of interaction with computers are good but each one in its own camp .
For example for the control of alcohol in places public had a project in the that or in the gestures but not in movements loose but more shorter .
Moreover the gestures were caught not for the chamber of recording but for a wristwatches that to the movement of the bones and the are .
For now is very large but in theory can be reduced the size of a clock the exemptions .
But in general the future is to a type Combined the control for example of gesture voice .
So How is that .
For example you how me Southern you that you brink this &apos;p&apos;orth the soda .
You shall and the Practice the same time .
usually I only am .
Oh that goes to be very difficult to recognise .
So Or make you wants forcing to the users to adapt to what is can or not be done in this moment the machine .
not necessarily but it a Rapprochement mutual .
believe that the one future next going to have to work mainly in the design of new types of sensors that Public determine with precise the reactions of the person .
These can be for example sensors infrared already the authority a good resolution in depth what is a very important .
If separated the his work with the sensors the Xbox Kinect So what complaints has already the rules chambers modern .
them lack resolution depth or something more .
In principle the generation current is what is can be the start of our work with the recognition tridimensional .
For course be good obtain megapíxeles to the speed of fps .
But the issue not is in the megapíxeles but in the quality of the parent and in the depth .
Since this Finally point of view all the technologies current not the what enough good for us that five-minute more work to the designers the algoritmos .
Or make the have to remember not only the resolution in the central X and to but also in Z. .
also a important to speed the number of tables for second .
The movements human are quite dynamic and the current the fps are truly scarce on all for the gestures .
Steven Bathiche the group laboratory in Redmond did a detonating the contact with retardo ajustable the prosecution the to ms and wider mention that the modern sensors produced in series are more closely of second value 60-100 . .
not all the world pastu'\u2019, in what measure this affects to the interaction hombre-máquina .
To me would very useful for my work a equivalent of stand recording but that not probability contact for the tables for second is more .
So And not a necessary increase the number of chambers .
The Kinect has now three &apos; chambers &apos; a the rules subjects is the fact the issuer-pays the rays infrared and the second the recipient of the signal met .
But the third chamber is in reality a simple detonating of diapasón visible .
That not been used to determine the depth of subjected .
infringe more amount of chambers could solve the problem .
Or the contrary increased and struggle the amount required to calculations .
would good create a similar flexible the Kinect play with the curvature of location of the chambers and see how this deadlocked to determinr the position tridimensional .
For what is my remember Microsoft to difference of Google not been submitted their glasses the public .
not him seems to since the point of view of use daily the technologies of reality Created the glasses are a the rules platforms more this .
For course pass everything the pink quo in high a telephone intelligent in the hands not a very comfortable but my thinking of better option would a reality Created &apos; transmutable &apos; when the basis of a platform the cloud you could happen to the glasses the telephone intelligent .
The glasses are introducing very personal in this is its strength the things private only you wanted to , but also their weakness a reality Created lines in glasses not him permit work on these portals together with other people .
imagine for a moment that the manipulation of these holográficos portals in the air is available not only for Tony Stark the film &apos; Iron Man &apos; but also for any simple deadly .
There a problem in this idea that the critical usually point is not there answer táctil .
The hands not feel nothing .
What answers prepares his group for this challenge .
In my conferences to often brushed that the reality Created is the seventh pre-apocalyptic in the interaction between the man and the machine .
believe that the eighth well could be the addition the sensations táctiles .
Meanwhile therefore each of the noticed more interesting is the use of the second momentum in quality of moral for the image .
Registra the identified perfectly .
But there also technologies that are truly geared to find tangibilidad to these &apos; images in the air &apos; For example the interference the several rays ultrasónicos targeted to a point specific where is position of finger five-minute a feeling similar to the that one feel if someone villages soplándole in the yemas the attitudes but that experienced still is very weak .
There also pulseras for the jailer that offers in the terminaciones nerviosas the attitudes this also a direction promising .
So He treaty of trying to brain .
Hacerle thinking that him feel that the seems to be examined in the moment in the eyes something .
constantly is a good idea still not what we tried .
Here is behind another challenge with the that take the fight for a time how do that a person physically dwell in a space very small creates that goes to a space open almost without end We working also in the idea of the gold the flow not as the gyms platforms mobile , case as the promising giants .
For now tricked the brain not quite so easy still there is work for many years .
That is what is ago attractive the work with the reality virtual for the researchers that many things are lie in a state of total conception .
Gusto personal policing in place in culture Rosbalt.ru .
&apos; Rosbalt &apos; continues the project &apos; Vanguardismo the St Petersburg &apos; dedicated to the citizens to being lie front to the way of art and the culture .
In this list of the best is lie brilliant figures of art and the scene of St Petersburg whose achievements best-seller more beyond the city to often lie recognition in Europe without the Russia the man even .
The new hero of &apos; Rosbalt &apos; is the extravagante artist Kirill Miller .
whole of town knows to Kirill Miller a man barbudo clothing the red the top collapsed the that is can find closely of Museum Ruso closely of the Summer or in meetings in fashion and inauguraciones .
The tables of Kirill Miller always warlords to multitudes where wants to being desks .
Kirill Miller is one of these cuentistas purely sociofilósofos the St Petersburg makers the new mitologías .
Kirill Miller is a brilliant representative of vanguardismo the St Petersburg the end of the - principles of the . .
Moreover is a man urban whose emergence in the streets of the city ears in the inhabitants smiles and comments to all the state of mind .
Recently three-and-a-half in their hands a organillo and is became the organillero the St Petersburg already the has now to do so difficult role for their existence bohemia his philosophy and their image .
Kirill So for what TV for the city clothing the red and not the identification or turquesa for example .
Elegí the colour red because am leather the young and me campaigner to the appearance and to the image .
In this world the colour red is a compromise between the artist the shop the pictures and the society .
Although in the society everything we that not make a little grey provoking aggressiveness and equity the property nothing good .
But my Tskhinvali are designed to the are significant a conversation .
whole of history of my actions provocativas are a invitation to debate .
So When comprendiste that debías be artist .
In a statement of Palacio the Culture Nevsky where is paraded my jobs .
I realised account of the period was my road .
then the wave of Old artists not official had ended and the new free as my were still incomprendidos .
I handles friend of artists the new wave with the subsequent to the that is bundle in Gaza and Nevskiy that subsequently to &apos; Pushkinskaya-10 &apos; and already been Bolkesteinu'\u2019is the new wave .
I sumí in the battle for the clothes the music the all the spirit but not for the subsequent .
And everything that is juntó in your Clínica the art - For me was important want to the centre cultural the St Petersburg where is running towards the best minds creative .
In previously a territory in Pushkinskaya-10 and there while not in reforms rounds a club artistic musical a club Karlsbad , the house of the bohemia the St Petersburg .
Many born there Noms Tequila Jazz remember the manner in the Schnur assassins the project to &apos; The eartag the Van Gogh &apos; .
Schnur and their friends cantaban songs Nowadays under fonograma vestían trousers meagre between them was the currently composer of fashionable Borys Vdovin .
When the group started to touch in alive is became the &apos; Leningrado &apos; .
Trachtenberg was animador the many programmes before the day of Hali-galivskih .
them further to Trachtenberg and was the start of their great career the education basic and training the received a us .
Triskel &apos; D &apos; the &apos; Club Griboyedov are the leftovers of the Clínica of College .
uncertain assurances our employees and customers notoriously .
am a hero of century past when the culture significaba something .
In the year the survey is did in the press , the award was &apos; The People the our city &apos; .
In the nomination &apos; Artista of Year &apos; nine elected I case is my culmination .
In these new times not a comfortable work I am a man to the him like to truth the honesty and the culture of century past .
In our times is easy shouldn popular but the culture and the popularity van separate One can be popular but very little broad .
There in your work something recognisable .
Many the my varnish are hits in them are expressing clearly the date and the Forced .
tendons to do a statement invest &apos; The Museum Ruso in payasos &apos; .
The payasos are a category timeless .
I before was accustoms but now be it is painful and inconveniences .
But in the payasos everything is embadurna and the tragedy is welcome .
I love what grotesco have ideas grotesque .
For example the cure the world prohibited a change totalitarian and compulsory the clothes .
Now to one that they for the clothes orientándose in this external but not in the internal the person .
And stand increasingly to this person not been asked installed nor give the momentum but escupirle in the pack .
And the deception is eliminated when are change the clothes .
ago little you saw the role of organillero urban - A city culta must have a hero case .
Who best to my for new .
Well but you to what better the art commercial can be broth .
Now the art commercial must be careful fresh having identified .
We remains witnessing the disintegration of the cultures .
Before the people are agrupaba in TB the bohemios wanted a thing the simplones other .
Now all been the divided in microcomunidades is difficult please to all .
not a ticket the one dollars to You to all .
Now there is thinking to whom Mummy TASS .
Now each hero of broad has its fan .
generalized And for listen to Stas Mikhailov best-seller for thousands .
Van to anybody the devotes there works the agricultural sexo-social .
And to a event cultural van people motions thousand never to As result least discharge least money everything is marchita .
I to my fan what more important is not deceive not spoil to lose what is Olivier achieved .
When was young was such tables to a coleccionista the tenia communicated in the wall to hand the Falk and Larionov .
I started with varnish with the that we what general the people stops .
Now to often confusing the concepts .
rod culture spiritual culture of consumption .
not exist none culture in the consumption that is another story .
I am a man of the culture of yesterday crecí under the example of artists that kept in the poverty and died in the poverty is obstruct the money only for paint tables .
I am to favour of this culture .
Kirill So what is what is you lack to St Petersburg .
Buenos experts in culture .
There a concept servant of the culture .
But not all them can An to the culture .
When the pagan were the right everything was the other function the pagan stand increasingly not seaports very well the culture but knew that was necessary maintain the experts route .
In Moscow now there very good consultants .
We People in St Petersburg that well could be experts but are closed because is need experts to a level higher that Finance correctly to accurately and they checkpoints road .
Now is prosperando the taste personal policing .
applies same Erarta but the difference is that them by honestly that not all the art modern is accepted there some artists that have to seek other museums .
So What is to you St Petersburg .
St Petersburg not a capital cultural In Moscow there lot more culture there is ground .
But on our stones is difficult to the art grow .
need ground cultural and have now more writers that readers this is wrong .
In Europe there a lot of people with curious that goes to ship and concerts .
In our case this class is tiny .
We that do that the art protecting the young as we was to medium-long of century past .
The project is Nabucco with a subsidy of St Petersburg .
Tourists to light in the space .
The Earth is in danger .
Calentamiento global or a with a Photographs murderer .
Caravanas the losses space with human to board proceed in search of a planet of spare .
For retain the humanity is ago the question main So How continue to think in conditions of zero or in the same planet of spare .
believe that there little where choose .
Indeed fact only two are culprits planets that can be hung the least hipotéticamente .
&apos; These are Venus and Mars &apos; says the scientists head of Institute Astronómico imposition Sternberg P.K. IAES , Vladimir Surdin .
But if the conditions in Mars are best for the life in the surface of Venus the temperature is the degrees .
Only is can live to great altitudes or in the fold of Venus in the space .
They started to address the problems of reproduction in the space with the flora .
ago already half century that is big to all experiments with plants .
Four generations of peas cultivados in fold not been greatly in nothing to the varieties outlaw .
After wine the rearing the insects in the fold small sledgehammer the fruit the drosófilas .
In is replies the space eggs the codorniz for checking how is develops the embryo in conditions of zero .
Obtenemos as result a polluelo normal .
But then begin the problems .
&apos; The problem is in the issue polluelo has to find support must chips on their own feet and of the start &apos; explains Vladimir Sychev the director of laboratory of Institute the Audio Biomédicos IPBM the Academy the Sciences the Russia .
At not find support the polluelos soared volteretas the gambling .
And later the hours in the newly babies is only a atrofia total of the violates .
The polluelos not ECU to the light nor the volume .
And the Unfortunately was the carried the four days simply being died .
&apos; And two sometimes succeeded that exist the polluelos but then we will because was impossible work there with them &apos; , observing Vladimir Sychev on failure of experiment with the polluelos in the space .
The final increasingly that a &apos; miniarca &apos; organic fly to the fold was ago years .
In the spring of driving the experiments .
However in the biosatélite &apos; Bion &apos; only Tens species of a same sex .
was a experiment with rats that were revised the space already with Pregnant .
In principle not been reconstruct nothing sobrenatural .
&apos; This was precisely in the biosatélites but this was a experiment unique and studies as this must utmost to all &apos; observing Vladimir Sychev .
After of land the rats space resulted offspring .
However there not been has managed address the problem of the reproduction directly in the space .
It a challenge difficult .
The animals the lose their habitat become simply not be carried his stiffen sexual .
The man without however to difference of the small animals in principle can .
The Homo sapiens has the reasoning abstract and is capable of creating a fund emotional adequate .
Experimentos similar not been . to all for reasons ethical .
But the women travel to space since ago already years .
The greater risk what happened Tereshkova .
And what more precious that is the humanity is the body female .
Our gaviota flying and nobody in the earth could say if it then the one flight the space .
speedy or not have a baby later the issue flight .
&apos; After the everything to this question nobody has responded &apos; observing the contractor of sector aerospace Vakhtang Vachnadze .
In June the only then the one year of flight the space is first woman cosmonauta Valentina Tereshkova , only to light to a daughter .
The father of the girl Andrian Nikolayev was also cosmonauta .
In the second woman cosmonauta Svetlana Savitskaya cast two sometimes National in fold and even worked in the space open , had a child .
However the risk the .
are few are wall the single to those later the long flights everything them very result well and a generation healthy next evolving .
&apos; And if is can say more is dangerous even in flights orbitales &apos; sums the pilot cosmonauta hero of the Union Soviet hero of Russia Valery Polyakov .
However the humanity must seek some new approaches in the biotechnology in the protection Radiation in the creation of the seriousness artificial .
The hidrolaboratorio of Centre the preparation of cosmonautas is a stage compulsory in the preparation for the flight .
In conditions of flotabilidad straight the cosmonautas profess their skills to work in the space .
The water simula the gravity .
If for a adult the water is a environment comfortable although still hostile for a child newly old is its element home .
The small hombres-anfibio seem confirm that the life in the land emerged of Atlantic .
There a link between the fact the that the baby is therefore approximately months inside the his mother in the Liquid-fuel amniótico therefore him be more easy consumers remain the water .
In principle of a logical because since the moment of birth until the moment of first bathing spend only weeks .
&apos; This is very little to forget something &apos; says Marina Aksenova monitora the swimming the newly babies .
In short if the gravity is a state more natural for a new-born old for the women is necessary to gravitación the strength of the seriousness .
In the gravity the are abdominales and the pelvis is decrepitan very quickly the capacity of expulsion of unborn is reduces .
Well omitimos that trusting in the action to encouraging for the childbirth .
They can we course give to light in a chamber special one that empujará .
&apos; And then what &apos; Valeri Polyakov is ago this original question .
For another part of child also needs seriousness artificial .
However the feeling of seriousness the body not generated the skeleton nor the system jugular .
To a new-born old in fold is impossible vestirlo with a suit special for entrenamientos as to the adults .
simply being him hunt the what is a vital for him .
&apos; And this experiment to producing to do together the allowing the birth of a child in a environment strange closer place to the traigamos to the earth to a person to a person completely suit &apos; provides the head of committee of bioethics of Institute the problems biomédicos the Academy the Sciences the Russia Borys Pestov .
For now the birth of children in the space is a question theoretical .
However with the time that will a reality when the beings human in their Malta-registered is rostrum to a planet lifted that will the home for their children babies in the space .
Head the NKÚ The inspection of system &apos; švarc &apos; not been prioritised with the political guilty .
In fight the tenders public the Republic Czech account of good inspectors and a legislation of quality although his application cojea .
So what claims Ransdorf Kala Vice-President the Office the fullest Housel NKÚ in a interview for Aktuálně.cz. .
&apos; The law never be perfect &apos; but its implementation must be right &apos; This is in my opinion that the us lack &apos; case describes the situation current .
The controls sets of the inspectors Czech and Germans also using the conclusions similar .
As example of a practice wrong mentions the attitude of Petr Nečas towards the system of a centralised only on the role to being knows as the system &apos; švarc &apos; .
The first minister said recently that the ODS Party Democratic ODS not molestaría to the employers with inspectors then you is an or allowed .
&apos; The law must be suppressed the somewhere Similarly and if prohibits something in this case nor the president of government can prevent the activities of the office that is the obligation of land these controls nor require obligations &apos; complaints Kala .
In the meeting of the committee of control in the Congress the Deputies Ud. stood of project common between the team Czech and the German in the framework of opened was Morin the legislation announce to the tenders public in two countries .
What is exactly .
They talking to a control parallel to not to perform ago few two years .
words of function simplified the legislation European regulariza how is in organise the tenders public to this him continues to legislation unlicensed in every country and then the refusals in itself .
We what we joined everything and although the control still not been complete have Resources differences very interesting generally the legislation of our country is &apos; more strict and more top-to-toe &apos; without however the refusals concrete in some parameters is better in Germany .
They confirms therefore to do enough to integrate rules each time more strict but that is necessary focus on the implementation of the law same .
What can find the fact this project So What believes that are the conclusions .
Medicine a control common in this type could contribute to the Age the invest efforts in the focus of the laws the reduction and the improvement of the limits although this not strong a impact so positive .
The economy of saving mean achieving a thing suitable to a price reasonable what is not always mean that the price make the most under for avoid it is enrichment and to the long the actions criminals .
But not for the fact the reduce the limit the rules tenders wants say that time to do .
Perhaps because the system is saturation with both &apos; red &apos; that Especially that want seek failings in the system able do more easily that if the limits is maintained that salaries as far .
Ud. talks the problems of our country with the transfer of the legislation to regulates the prácticaa the rules tenders public .
How works the system of controls in Germany .
It a office analogous to our NKÚ or is &quot; the other function .
In ascertain to the offices as the NKÚ there action the Bundesrechnungshof Court Federal the Auditors with a organisation similar to the our with a school also what unique is that the his case is structured the one Similarly a therefore different , but in principle sides offices evolucionan parallel .
also the powers are until true point analógas without however in both the Germany has a organisation federal the courts the accounts was lie even to this level In this aspect differ slightly the group system .
The Court Federal the Auditors BRH only be controlled the money federal what is here verifiers funds state .
The funds public to the administered by the regions and the municipalities there in Germany is monitored in the Court Federal the Auditors .
In As to the legislation local So is more than the our .
For what general not me like establish a comparison without data concrete not however Germany continues remains a model in some aspects but not been can define with accurate in what is better .
Could be better for example in question to the quality of the inspectors .
That safe to do but repeat not me like do this type of comparisons .
It necessary say that even Especially countries that take as model must do cope to a great number of problems .
If not outside case not they could circumstances benefit cooperate with our office So not believes .
In As to the legislation of our country So what meant to their Office the amendment of law on the tenders public So They patent the somewhere Similarly his doorsteps .
Bearing in mind that the period of validity of this amendment is relatively short still not been has submitted in the actions of control .
Given that tough controls former ex is emphasis count with a true delay .
For now been noted in the process of preparation of the controls Future have started a new tool of &apos; detection the risks not economic &apos; for the that we done pass almost tenders public to have been thoroughly The changes are speeds perfectly reflected here already the are modify the limits is rectifican the conditions of some types of process of selection and similar .
you that the adoption of this law is beneficial or the most well it a patchwork for the system bureaucratic .
believe that this law is surely a step in the direction right and hope that it make .
The problem is can preferably is that the legislation &apos; is harmonised &apos; and the make impossible complying .
already with the legislation previous the people controlled were linked to offer for example in the case of the programmes operational regional of advice regional , and every law not respected in fight the tenders public significaba the violation of the discipline budgetary .
he sense then tighten the law of this meant .
believe that not the this meant .
The system must excluding to enforce the organize atacarlo or profit the him and not punish to enforce the formed a failure formal that not has doorsteps in the decision-making the decisions .
A system of this type only adequately create a greater pressure bureaucratic .
And how is its the this .
happens towards where we get this road initiated .
The first minister has declared recently that the ODS not molestaría to the employers with controls the so-called system švarc with reference to fact the be sure only on the role So What mean that .
The system švarc &apos; is an or allowed .
The law must be suppressed the somewhere Similarly and if prohibits something then nor even the first minister of government can prevent the activities of the Office that is the obligation of land these controls and demand obligations .
Can say &apos; Cambiamos the law and we taxation &apos; but not be say that out as if nothing .
In the law on the tenders public the legislation is quite strict in question the manner in the are must act formally And case is as should be to protect the competition public .
But for other hand is tragic that is excluded the candidate with the best supply for not comply the demands formal .
The law never be perfect but its implementation must be right This is in my opinion that the us lack .
The roads similar numberplates the ice although the his majority are Passable .
In several places of the Republic Czech the roads similar numberplates the ice and the snow .
Although the majority of the tracks are Passable in a must Likewise the caution .
Region the Karlsbad .
Today for the morning the roads in the region of Karlsbad were Passable but demands numberplates the ice and the snow .
The temperature share and incorporate between five and ten degrees below zero During the day subirán slightly the thermometers .
He last the nevar in the region and in the areas lowest the layer of snow is skating .
In change in the crestas the square Erzgebirge the snow region almost the centimetres .
In some places the visibility was still bad to cause of the fog according to information the centre of control of operations the rules roads of the region .
The path quick R6 and the road to first category in the region are now Passable without restrictions .
However is popular providing the caution on all the some bridges whose surface can be helada and that slippery .
also the roads all the tracks of second and third category sorts the roads of mountains .
not however in a the them still there stretches with leftovers of ice and snow apisonada .
It emphasis increase the attention to the road on all the rules areas more lorries .
Region the Pardubice and Hradec .
In some roads of Bohemia Eastern there danger of frost and in areas more lorries and in the mountains can have formed a layer of snow in the tracks Equally in their pages the Directorate the roads and motorways .
The workforce the roads Citizens to the drivers on the danger that is train numberplates the ice particularly in areas more lorries of the region of Pardubice .
may happen frost in the vicinity of Lanškrouna Ústí Labem Orlicí Poličky Svitav or Vysokého Mýta and on all the rules roads of second and third category .
The roads I 43 and I 34 in Svitav have been treated washing-up .
There snow particularly in the roads of the mountains the Krkonoše to Orlické hory .
There a layer of snow apisonada in the areas more highest the rules roads in the municipalities of Rychnov Labem Kněžnou and Trutnov .
In the area of the Bohemia Eastern the sky consist today between CAP and partially nublado without Unusual .
The temperatures oscilarán for this general between three under zero and a degree positive soplará a wind weak .
Region the Pilsen .
The roads in the region of Pilsen are Passable today for the morning although preferably Likewise the caution and will necessary adapt to time .
In the first hours of the morning will frost the temperatures oscilarán between three and nine degrees below zero .
After the nevada and the front declining the rules temperatures some ways also could be covered the ice .
In some places the drivers are exhaustive with fog but the visibility improve progressively .
This is what is being glean the rules information the centre of control of operations the roads of the region .
The Motorway D5 is transitable almost without restrictions although is popular providing the caution on all the path between the upper and . .
The surface of the majority of the roads of first category is dry and without ice .
In the area of the road to Pilsen and Tachov border with Germany can have stretches with numberplates the ice .
The approaches to second and third category are protected by what is in this case also been means of stretches with numberplates the ice .
The drivers Libraries be more careful particularly in the tracks least minimized in the area of Šumava .
Region the Olomouc .
The drivers to being rostrum to the areas more lorries of the region of Olomouc is exhaustive with snow partially battled .
After of treatment chemical still became snow in the port of Červenohorské and in the path in direction to Videlský kříž .
The workforce the roads zeros the snow during the night in the road to Šumper is acumularon few three centimetres the snow according the administrators the rules approaches .
In the rest of the region the majority of ways are Passable without restrictions .
&apos; In the areas more highest the road to Šumper left leftovers of snow .
The drivers in the port of Červenohorské is exhaustive with snow half battled in direction to Jeseník &apos; has confirmed today a operator the administration of roads of Šumper to the ČTK .
Above the ground and the night attend to the Jesenická also their colleagues and then the treatment chemical the runway the rules areas more highest are now despejadas and grip .
In the road to Olomouc the tracks are Passable without restrictions in the Šternberská the drivers Libraries drive with caution in the stretches forest where the tracks continuing currently wetlands .
Region the Ústí Labem and region of keeping .
The operators the rules roads of northern the Bohemia have informed about complications in profits stretches to first hour of the morning .
Apart the some places in the that has snowed or Pisa according to basis of data the police the road to mountain between Telnice and Knínice in the region of Ústí Labem is closed .
The temperatures is keeping under zero even in the areas more lowest for this is the ice and the snow obviously unreported in the middle In change in the areas more lowest particularly in the South-East of animals central Czech not there problems and the roads for this general are secas .
For the mmento not been the recorded complications the service .
The operators the roads have Sinclaire the presence of ice in the household the Štětí .
According the meteorólogos the conditions have been ideals during the night During the day is expected rain and snow that is melting and for the night the sky consist CAP and will ice .
Since the roads broadly is the announced conditions unfavourable in the road I 13 in the border between the region of Ústí Labem and Liberec .
The road between Telnice and Knínice had to be cut for the bush the trees that is previously arqueado on the path with the weight of the snow .
Šimon Ornest In our concerts want consecutively energy positive .
They says that the little less the one month goes to reach the end of world do what this on this .
Only is a the between so other news alarmist to the that we like ultimately .
At group of music chosen Tap us like more well done jokes on this and we like say that are the only group of music the world that manages towards enough energy positive for postpone the end of world or for escaping .
Moreover in December organizáis a project really original three concerts against the end of world .
Can explain to our daily .
They talking to a act beneficial state-based that for organise since ago two years .
We decided to exploit the potential of marketing that is the end of timetable maya worded for the December to the : the morning .
The day previous the December to the hours co-host concerts franca in Prague Brno and Ostrava .
Terminarán approximately to the same hour in the that point the timetable maya in the island Kiribati in the Ocean Pacific miserable hours for front of our zone explainable .
To Who is you happened this idea .
Initially was idea mine later colleague forjando the project all together with our leather Honza Augusta .
Moreover the loved towards enough energy positive and avoid the end of world also want to together with the society on the state in the costs the world to our children .
With occasion of final the timetable maya also have created a series unique the articles shoes T-shirts ‘ and original llaveros against the end of world that can year in www.e-tap.cz another manner of safely .
The group chosen Tap together with other interpreters also sung the so-called anthem against the end of world that has for title &apos; End of world cancelled &apos; .
Currently is very popular in YouTube So is wanted hear the concerts Live .
Of that yes and will only the final good always to all charters well and not been bring the world .
The cantarán all the interpreters the same time in the three concerts .
The himnos is enlazarán between yes simultaneously thanks to the governing special in direct in the Television Czech .
Tomáš Hanák has writing the letter of this song and parade the role in the Jesus in the videoclip where also singing Xindl X .
How emerged this cooperation .
work calculations even with other personalities the scene cultural Czech apart the organise many acts Live and concerts .
ideological everything our effort in participating in this project .
They has proved that the majority of them they interested and they divierte work with us .
To what is Occupied the money youngsters in the concerts against the end of world .
To equipment for the centre educational without barriers Studeo that for the term in its sixth year running with the partnership civil Tap in Jedličkův ústav .
The pupils the school of Jedličkův ústav receive regularly the visit to teachers with the that threaten activities humorous and interesting .
The pupils not even the media economic enough to pay to the teachers and do a efuerzo for that possible .
In the framework of the completion of the works in Jedličkův ústav astronomer a building independent the that we trasladaremos with this project .
In each viewers act several groups and interpreters .
What are the criteria the selection .
tries devise a programme to make attractive to all the generations including the children .
For example in Prague actuarán Chinaski Support Lesbiens Illustratosphere with answers Bárta chosen Tap Marián Bango and Paroubek Suchý .
For obtain information more detailed look obligatory www.kpks.cz. .
have shortly some other &apos; action spectacular &apos; similar in the future .
In May somebody for first time in the festival Pražské jaro case that here surely preparing a programme attractive with guests interesting .
The year the next also us like touch in the Bohemian National calculating the New York and to me personally commend that we in States United me like explicit with actions in Washington and in Chicago .
Vuestros plans in the abroad not the precisely minimalistas until now brakes acted for example in Madrid Brussels London or Moscow .
chosen Tap is not however a group formed for people with disabilities .
How is the logistical and the organisation of these travel .
not a very difficult how can apparently to first sight .
There five Member in wheelchair the wheelchair electricity the chairs must travel in the compartment for luggage and addition We much weight the boxes with the instruments .
However until now we are we managed well ČSA and British Airways were perfectly prepared thing that not leaves a puzzles .
Even in Moscow the where we circle ago little went everything without problems .
Thank to the check-out the abroad look comparisons the different attitudes of the society towards the disabled and other aspects .
With what we brakes met until now .
In Madrid Luxembourg London and other cities everything works better to here in Russia have been witnessing the that the issue is a road for a .
To difference of Prague Moscow is full of barriers there remains without a prevalent that a person is properly speak for the centre of the city in a wheelchair the wheelchair electricity .
Something so aware as a for example give preference to someone in wheelchair the wheelchair in lift there not what is .
For Fortunately is the created a partnership civil that is striving for tematizar the problems of the people with disabilities .
In what aspects must taken example of countries more progressive .
There many ways in the that we for behind .
But is important mention that the priority and the improvement of the situation always depends the rules people to the that affects directly .
In London and in Madrid is very normal that the people with a disability serious is properly for their account in public and can go to service the museum where wants .
But not a very common that a great number of people with disabilities obtain the life social the way active in this aspect with chosen Tap going a little for front .
A society environmentally-friendly or without barriers is a thing but when comes to time in the that emergence eminent athletes artists actors politicians or lawyers start to change everything to truth .
far now are cases isolated the people to have a great strength of willingness .
The group chosen Tap is currently very popular but if legacy few years dating So what we subsequently to fortunate the group in ? .
graveyard as educador in Jedličkův ústav where had lot People young to my around the wanted An to something .
And project that my am musician toco between other the saxofón fundé a group healthier with a friend of work .
And with the time as says our mediating Láďa Angelovič is our was a little to the hands risas . .
However the popularity not arrived until these past years So or me wrong .
It truth is our helped quite the fact the connecting with singers famous and also work actively for twenty-first the group .
question to the conclusion of the work to do is sees is as if not existed .
Thank to the aid to the Union European can afford addition teachers the quality equipment etc .
belong intention of reaching so far with chosen Tap .
Since the principle saw the potential to president the are can do something of other Similarly .
The world of industry is full of things that is seem to each to the other .
It logical to their function everything we new is welcomes with caution and putting a time in accepted .
There few things extraordinary but me dare to say that too Tap is a the them .
The impression of someone is our eyes for first time is a the compassion is a response natural .
But the compassion is completely superfluous because the people with disabilities not the beings ruins that suffer and the that overall having compassion .
There People that is capable of live a life full and develop with the condition for course of the needs to the media necessary .
I always brushed that if something them its well to people with disabilities then not a only a breakthrough for them but for all the society .
Ayudó the fact the that is Ud. a head assignment as you describes lot People .
If want do a work of quality have to be rigorous in many ways and demand certain discipline .
believe that is completely normal .
Some people using with a vision romantic and with the head in the clouds and when are usually that have to perform two days to experimenting go to the test preparatory and pass much time travelling and in concerts the euphoria initial them abandon quickly .
But case is how does the all parties in every group that it work and working on .
Currently the group chosen Tap has twenty Member .
How the work were already in the depth of year ? .
Only each Láďa Angelovič .
are a group open the people enters and its not been can avoid .
Anyone purchase willingness and dwell Employment always the doors open .
will the day before the coming end of world the Thursday to the hours .
IT place in the Incheba Arena the Prague in Fléda the Brno and in Plynojem in Ostrava and Speakers groups and other musicians the Republic Czech .
The three cities is conectarán the end of the memorable to via the video for lottery calculations the song of group chosen Tap &apos; End of world cancelled &apos; .
The objective of viewers is towards the resources necessary to finance equipment multi-functional of centre educational without barriers STUDEO in Jedličkův ústav the Prague whose cost 27 to million of NOK Czech .
The entry to watching costs CZK and the children until years have entry free in the option of sale accepting in Bohemiaticket .
Poland and the outer .
In the meeting of ministers of the countries of the Agency Space European aired the week Last is accepted to Poland as twelfth member of the body is the second country member of the body of former bloc the Europe of This later the Republic Czech that is became the member plenary the November the ) .
Poland whereas a intensive collaboration with the body in the year and for the years in attended the committee of projects of the agency .
However the road to Poland towards the outer began much before .
The enthusiasts Poles already been fished to the flights the space before the second War World although not always been fairness his work .
remember for example the conference of Pelinka Šternfeld in the operate astronomic the Warsaw in the that the December the , presented its ideas on the study pioneering &apos; Introduction to the cosmonautics &apos; .
The ideas of young engineering old the ) red to the assistants indifferent and years later Šternfeld raising the Dr Jan Gadomski had been the only the president shown interest in its work .
In the year Šternfeld homeland in France the award Robert Esnault-Pelterie and André Louis moralist for their &apos; Introduction to the cosmonautics &apos; .
The Dr Jan Gadomski 1899 1966 mentioned previously , is became more afternoon in a great promote the exploration and the cosmonautics .
Publicó hundreds of articles in journals bodes and wrote a series of books dedicated to this discipline scientific .
Gadomski is became the one mover of the cosmonautics was known in all the world and their contribution to the science was when rewarded when are clear his name to one of the cráteres the pack hidden the waste .
already in the year is built in Poland a dresina that cards to be sanctioning the one engine of rockets .
Unfortunately is unknown Who was the author of the proposal and not been local the destalles of project .
not is clear whether the lift-off cards to be used to the testing the dresina or for their slowed .
The information on this dresina is limited to the collection in the press the time .
To onwards of year the artillery Polish began to devote to the rockets .
The research was funded by the Komórka Techniki Uzbrojenia in cooperation with the prof Mieczyslawem Wolfkem and prof Gustawem Mokrzyckiegim .
To onwards of material inadequacies is ago obvious that the research arrived the pitch the rules tests practices .
not however with the arrival of the troops withdrawing is halted the research .
In the year Spiegelu'\u2019. in the press specialised the example of a missile the hunting fotoeléctrico designed for the engineering Rohoziński and the year next was published the study &apos; Rakieta torpeda powietrzna Naval rakietobomba lotnicza &apos; of author Leliwa-Krzywoblocki .
Both projects were diabetes the use military the engines for rockets .
Little before the war the Committee advisory scientific provisional Tymczasowy Komitet Doradczo-Naukowy is responsible the all the projects of technical the rockets for use military and coordinaba all the work .
The committee was founded in but then the two years of activity , is known interrupted by the beginning of the war .
Other studies dedicated to the cosmonautics appeared in the press Polish later the war thanks to work of the society Borys the Astronáutica Polskie Towarzystwo Astronautyczne . .
In the edition of November the magazine Problemy is ago reference for first time to the society with four articles very long dedicated to the astronáutica .
In each of them of prof M. Subotowicze is proposed the creation of a society is being devoted to the cosmonautics .
In that time already been previously project in march projects of satellite artificial and was obvious that the research ancestorsu'\u2019rule was a discipline with prospects of future .
Since principles of the society Borys the Astronáutica PTA increase the integrated part of the Federation International the Astronáutica CEMR in ) and in autumn of this same year the PTA is became the member plenary .
The year next the first president of the PTA Kazimierz Zarankiewicz 1902 1959 , Commissioneru'\u2019s to be the Vice-President the Federation International the Astronáutica .
occupy this office until his death in . .
To onwards of , the PTA attended the function significantly in the development of lift-off probe RM Rakieta Meteorologiczna , that was a success and is became the first lift-off Polish in the that is subsequently to all research scientific .
The first type RM-1 was complete the and is launched by first time the October the . .
The lift-off had a wave of metres few cm of length and not victimised to the kg of weight .
Over afternoon is better to build the original RM-1A and in summer the are ongoing the tests airlines the rockets RM-2 the two stages in the desert of Błędów .
The lift-off personu'\u2019s metres and pesaba few remained .
Another type of lift-off in development cards to be subjected to study scientific real The lift-off RM-34 cards to have a wave of km and their mission would control the wind of speaking .
However in being dissatisfied the work .
The successor the first rockets of type RM was the lift-off Meteor-1 that is built during the years and . .
They diseñó as lift-off the two stages with a length total of water and a weight initial the remained .
They proceeded three types scanners Meteor-1A -1B and -1C , that is greatly between yes why the space available to the functioning scientists .
In the lift-off Meteor-1A the space available to the size was the litres in the Meteor-1B the litres and in the Meteor-1C the litres .
The changing maximum in the three types was the km .
Among the years and is developed in the Institute appraisal the lift-off Meteor-2 whose initial tests airlines is ongoing in October the . .
The lift-off Meteor-2 had a weight initial the kg and was capable of wear a weight useful to kg until km of speaking .
Subsequently is built the original Meteor-2H and Meteor-3 .
It necessary mention also the first of Poland in the COSPAR Open degradation Space Roslin in the year and the training of committee national the COSPAR two years later .
In the framework of programme Interkosmos Poland is joined the research the space cósmico on satellite artificial Soviets and in the year , the pilot Polish Miroslaw Hermaszewski is became the second intercosmonauta later the Vladimir Remek .
The suspension of the law on from social not a the solution .
The week Last the trial constitutional suspended the law traabajos social .
The resolution adherents a heated debate in the society .
Since then be interesting examining the question existing since a point of view more broader .
The systems economic Liberals in the EU Like that the world globalised is based in the principle of a greater competition economic and less legislation .
In consequence this mean that the different forms economic and the systems economic national are in conflict permanent between yes .
The cause is fallen in the principle of free trade and the movement free and create a capital private together with the speculation financial unbridled .
The effect of the large differences in the cost labour the wages produces tensions economic .
Under this concept is necessary understand the situation in the that the manufacturer with the import of goods cheap staying shorten distances and for this &apos; causing a bajadda &apos; of price of competitor with the aim of proper with the main part of market and the issue Similarly increase their margin of profits .
To great scale mean for the majority of the employers Enterprises the production the abroad buy there more cheap or well disappearing The result is a unemployment high in Especially countries in the that the price of work in comparison with other economies is more high-level .
Due to the capital private not has responsibility social some and with this either is responsible of unemployment is this phenomenon generated growth necessarily the expenditure social of state .
whole this situation evicted the total MG6 the employers for pay taxes and compensate the damage economic and social that have for the his sheer the obtain profits .
The situation is universally so known that not a necessary submit data statisticians concrete .
The practices little escrupulosas of capital private Do situations in certain economies in the that the governments of these countries are presenting forced to compete with the aim of reducing artificially the level social the own population and the issue Similarly attract capital abroad the country .
words of other function the governments correctly capital private to readiness to their own population without having to account the decline social .
This is ago patent on all the changes in the laws observance .
The objective is forcing to the population to the accepted the dictated of capital private on all the what is concerned to the wages .
This has place for a part prohibited the system of duty economic in the case of unemployment in long long-term for other means the right restricted to the employees in question to rights labour .
The result is a poverty growing together with the increase the rules differences between poor and rich .
Since ago a series of years are in Germany points of handing the food for people poor that not be chips with their own work .
The number of people to receive this type of aid arrives already the million .
In the framework of liberalisation of the competitiveness of the economy German is produces a case quite prevalent people undervalued with a wage so under the state must pay the rest for reaching the minimum absolute for survive .
They did public a scandal of this type connected with the situation in the employees revelations of parliament federal German .
The measures to saving the virtually all the states of southern the EU nowhere without place to doubt to the same situation The people repeated for a decline abismal the his level social is standing forced to migrate as the century 19th or to malvivir with a wage rotten in the limit the society with the hope of the somewhere day comes to country capital investor private .
It necessary preguntrarse the where next .
In the case of the are instrument of other countries of the EU then the poverty passes the one country to another or not at never project that Chinese Indian Brazilian Turks Moroccan Egyptians or African continuing working for a tiny part of a wage European .
This also affects to all America Latin .
The Bilbao Liberals and the media the communication claim until the evidence that the state not be proof capital to the economy is directing the economy leads to their failure .
The capital private reasoning with tooth and nail the base the that the state not be intervene in the economy entrometiéndose in the control .
To continuation is necessary one if the capital private not part of their egoism in the march policy and for make the everything the state .
In this case the answer is a definite .
The test is the existence of lobbies in the practice very mighty and rhetoric in all the states .
The result is a situation desperation to being patent in the field of the corruption in the lobbies mutual in a legislation to a virtually reprehensible in all parties but not a place .
In Germany the situation is the next the ministries state to lack of media financial bureaux the wording of projects of law to companies legal private the speaker are to often linked with the industry .
This type of projects of law are Projects later in the Bundestag the parliament German .
Indeed this somewhat everything the power not choice of people stand and as is opening in the constitutions of the democracies Western but the strong groups financial that represent their own interests .
It obvious that the democracies with a orientation liberal is trouble quickly in a situation how the that describes Appiános in its rights The crisis the republic Roman in times the Caesar and Pompeya &apos; The state was time desintegrándose and the governments are high-ranking to the strength &apos; .
To change the bribery lobbies gulf ilegítimamente and aid for finance stones or shabby .
The Accusations and the corruption is spread without aggressively definitely and the people Urumqui to the ballot with the vote apalabrado the advance &apos; not in people with nature to aspirara to a number in the administration it is a time to cause of this disorganisation the state National eight months without best-case &apos; schoolteacher to hears in seriously the that the only cure for a situation that serious was the autocracy and the era necessary decisions a man solving &apos; Although Appiános meant in Pompeya Caesar promising the power and transformed the democracy for always in both .
The conclusion of same manner that the condition is that the society current is based in preferences insensitive of interests individual without having to account the interests common .
The capital private not a capable in its essence of understand and demand the benefits of all the society .
The result is the same to the then a colonised the elite without unprecedented without the are investigated a effort to reforming in depth .
The causes of booming the regimes fascist and Communist must owns for this therefore in the liberalisation unbridled the systems economic in the century 19th and 20th .
With respect to the situation current is possible considered to introduce the state systems in benefit of a democracy in type liberal as a pause criticise to the expected of next coup .
The fact really demoledor is that the elite current ignores for completely the losses of hundreds of thousands in lives disasters social and humanitarian the rules that we been witnessing case as the crimes against the humanity stand and as the processes in the history former and the most recent .
The suspension of the law on tenders public not a the solution to less not to long-term term .
Under pressure the competition economic therefore to level international as within the EU the government of the Republic Czech is taken obliged to continue for other ways to reduce the level social the population .
This trend is why we therefore systemic .
The solution passes for reforms sociopolíticas specific that strengthen therefore the participation of capital of state as the influence the citizens in the government and the weaken the position of monopoly of capital private in the society in benefit of state .
Israel the laboratory of chaos .
&apos; That nothing comes degradation violence loosening nothing ever Madam &apos; not arises nothing to the violence and nothing could do , Sting in its song Fragile and whose estribillo othersu'\u2019. &apos; Cleanup la Lloyd do not forget how fragile we canaries &apos; not we forget the what fragile that are . .
&apos; If my children not families wars not have none &apos; Gutele Schnaper wife of Mayer Amschel Rothschild in its bed the death in the year . .
After the last waves of violence between Israel and the Strip the Gaza have mushroomed as always reactions variety .
A of all the Israel argues to favour of law of self-defence and encasilla to the Palestinians in the live in terrorists The another supports to the Palestinians and so racism for part of state of Israel genocide less against Arab Palestinians and denigrated to Israel the state terrorist .
not want turn in Who is guilty of the massacres that is echo regular and who is the victim At end and the carried the citizens of today in day of Israel including the territories self-employed born within the situation policy current and not lived the depth of the violence .
My intention is offer to the readers a scrutinise behind the iron a scrutinise for compromising Who taxed advantage of the tensions that is unsatisfactory since ago years calculated to onwards the declaration Balfour in November the ) in a small surface of land of Middle agreed .
Some the my considerations are based in facts historical other in conclusions to the that have come on the basis of my own function of understand the issue on who or what group of people is the separate main the events of the history modern .
In the history of the humanity the history of the struggles for the power is in first class .
In each era can find a Great or a Rostopchine .
But what is already not a very clearly is whether always were these tyranny the that commensurate their steps the function self-governing or if behind the his Big had someone is orientaba their actions towards a certain objective .
must accept that live in a time to policing the wealth of world in the hands of years few individuals and the to this concentration of money and the power to this means not been has shown reaching in a useful generation .
Indeed between these families astronómicamente richest emphasised a that could regarded the most prominent if still there someone behind not what know but not what rule : the Rothschild .
not been says much to close to them .
Of .
In the years of century 19th bought the first agency the news Reuters for the slave the rationale his name with acts criminals of great seriousness The power and the wealth or two them portions the wall thing that is always meant a stronger .
They cautiously important in almost all the banks central of world and in Especially countries in the that not are represented is the declared or is prepared a war before the attack to Afghanistan were countries after the attack the Iraq were then the evil to Gaddafi only affected four , but about Russia has supeditado the bank central the government Russian .
All time to the tried oppose to this family has died .
Abraham Lincoln is refused to renew the state of bank central Bank European America the Rothschild began during the War the Secession to print money and was murdered in the battle .
JFK started to print money and wanted trials the system of reserve federal preserveu'\u2019of and was murdered in ; the congresista Louis Mc Fadden was poisoned the year later the loved exceeding to the preserveu'\u2019of for having outrage the great crisis economic of year . .
Their sheer for the power global them subsequently during the years - to my a plan with three wars world designed for the masón Shaw Pike Vichy with the rise . .
The first war is cause as objective eliminate the large states monárquicos in all Europe the second wanted eliminate the formed colonial particularly in Great Britain and the third is proposed reduce the population of the land between half million and thousand million of people being amount of slave for their well-being and luxury sufficient and not consumirían many resources , addition the creation of a religion universal the ecumenismo not a nothing more to a preliminary for being solution and the adoption final the powers six-month .
The method with the that operates the group of the families more richest together with the Rothschild continues to dynamic of releasing the crisis and the front Thank the one solution order ab cao agenda to onwards of chaos . .
These solutions are without however flawed and chemicals always a deterioration of the situation If not enough remember that the preserveu'\u2019of was created to the not been repetition a crisis as the of year . .
So that after the success of killing of Big the heir elicited Archduke Ferdinand in Sarajevo and then the that the root of this is erupted the scene War World tore the Russia Eduard with the beginning of the revolution Bolshevik .
The First War World Bolkesteinu'\u2019is the function unexpectedly and unjustified since the point of view military and economic the capitulation of Germany the wars for overcome with the Russia Eduard were already unnecessary and the front break-up of the great power of Europe Central the truth Austro-Húngaro .
For preparation the ground the second War World allowed to the bankers and political palette the manner bloodless a situation upheaval to its the rules enormous loan the war imposed on Germany with what is being laid the conditions privileged to the radicalisation of the mob impoverished Subsequently them sufficient with them to the Germans the solution of Führer that was what enough strong and simple and respectable to it and build later a Czechoslovakia states for several communism with a strong minority German that publishes 84 and appropriations so well the role of the fifth spine that prendió the way and set the outbreak of the war .
At late of century 19th the Rothschild impulsaron the foundation of movement sionista a resources to increase the training of a state Jewish preferably in the region of the former Judea with Jerusalem as capital return to Sión . .
The declaration Balfour linkage previously sit the foundations for the immigration mass of Jews to Palestine and carry the first conflicts with the population Arab of place .
They produced attacks terrorists in both sides .
Estalló the second War World is difficult know whether Hitler commissioned too the dance to the that we ones control the bankers international in a principle or if everything we that was draft part of a plan However the suffering of the Jews Europeans in the camps of concentration creation the conditions privileged to the acceptance of state Jewish in the society global .
Israel was founded officially in and the manner similar to Similarly in the rules loan the war imposed to Germany Exports the road towards the second War World with the proclamation of state of Israel is working on spotlight for a third war .
If the bankers international succeed iniciarla the nation Jewish the Like that the second War World is generate in victim in first online the combat now together with the population Arab or generally Muslim of Middle agreed .
Israel is a laboratory relapse a machine the solder and chaos not only in the framework of their country but also to scale international Take as example how is divided the manner totally the abolish and its the Israel .
Who is guilty and who is the victim in the conflict Israeli-Palestinian So Where the injustice rise injustice in a spiral of violence chestnut if the beginning of all was the greed of some individuals and their sheer for the power global .
In this point is necessary distinction between the inhabitants of Israel and their representatives because the Like that happens in our country the bankers international only similar to their candidates in the elections .
The current president of Israel B. Netanyahu is the typical example of political fascist marketing to the bankers international that makes everything we possible to wage the war to Iran and considering that Iran is member of the Organisation the Cooperation the Shanghai China India Russia Pakistan threaten the norm in a conflict global and if have to account the Iran controls the close to Ormuz for where passes the % of all the oil global the black the navigation has only two miles of wide ) , instead to the destruction of the economy global .
Under what light is keen now the words that last David Rockefeller in : &apos; applies unique that we is a crisis general and the people consist of agreement with a new agenda global &apos; .
The new agenda global in its imagination is a world of gentlemen and slave .
A world in the that the rest of the population serves to a handful of people to form part of the aristocracy financial well accommodated .
A world in the that the individual new individual is you brands a chip the born to controls everything his be .
&apos; And obliges to all small and large rich and poor free and slave to have a brand in the momentum right-wing or in the face to do power buy nor sell to do not to wear the name of this monster or the figures the his name .
It necessary understand cast purchase two attitudes of cope that grand the numbers of this monster .
The number brand to the person and this number is seiscientos Sixty and six &apos; .
Film ARGO If is puts crude elsewhere to Hollywood .
In November the one group of the demonstration of students Islamists occupied the Embassy American in Tehran and three-and-a-half diplomados as hostage .
Their Decommissioning in freedom cards to be to change the destronado shah Shia Réza Páhlevi the opened later the revolution Pamuk to merely country to president patrocinado his regime during decades .
For the administration American the situation not defend none perspective positive though the shah for the wind not been what else allowing project that if we at disposal in danger of confidence of their allies in other countries .
But the call on freedom of the hostages in Iran where the revolution had led to the constitution of regime theocratic not was to their reach .
was a coup the matter of the States United that subsequently is Valencia still more with the attempt upcoming the free to the hostages for the strength .
The diplomats imprisoned were released days later the intervention negotiating of government of Algeria .
In US his destination horrible a wave of solidarity and ill-will against Iran .
The failure in Iran played the function decisive to the defeat the Jimmy cope Ronald in the elections presidential the . .
The film &apos; ARGO &apos; of director and actor Ben Affleck tematiza a episode of this history that cosechó a small success for America .
Little before the occupy the Embassy is escaped six employees of building .
After the one complicated periplo ended in the residence the Embassy Canadian .
CIA in cooperation with the authorities Canadians managed extract the Iran for this helped a history backdoor a point extravagante consequently with passports Canadians as Member of team film that looked the location in the country to the making the one producing the science fiction .
Combinación the spirit .
The plan to Bourlanges the expert in &apos; exfiltración &apos; Toni Mendez coordinated the cooperation in Hollywood .
For that the lie prompt divulged is wrote on the project film in journals specialist is organised conferences the press the society the production virtual had even a clearance real .
The details on the operation was kept in secret during a time to film is the fact to onwards the memories of Tony Mendez .
The film the Affleck is a combination odd the several gender .
For a hand a thriller political realistic for other a so-called &apos; caper movie &apos; the history of a episode that went well a deception a example can be the series Ocean la Lloyd Eleven . .
In the film is combined the states of mind Similar for a hand secuencias well substantiated the Tehran In the sequence of appropriations are keen photographs flagship the time to the events that were plasmados of same manner in the film not there many differences to this regard .
For the other scenes authoritarian the Hollywood a therefore more livianas marked by the irony and a corner excessive .
And addition scenes of the central the CIA and other institutions men trajeados that analyse the situation in the table of negotiations in the corridors of the office for telephone .
Ben Affleck has managed restart his career of a manner excellent .
The actor that in been subjected to mocked is the become the one director respectable and their Similarly the act has allowed to be the white of comments ironic .
ARGO is its Thirdly largometraje later the &apos; Adiós small Adiós &apos; preparing and the thriller &apos; chosen Town City the honour &apos; Exclusion . .
At same time is the first film the Affleck in the that the action not has place in the city of Boston where is slaughtered .
also the sensitivity of everyoneu'\u2019s the atmosphere of place was a feature that footing to the directors of films ancient for above the outset of Hollywood .
And Affleck what shows in ARGO where Tehran is &apos; wheel &apos; in Canada .
The best scenes of the film have place in the streets in the reconstruction of the events reported The sequence introductory the decision-making the Embassy is impressive for their capacity sinóptica that the same time trasmite the ambivalent of confusion and the lack of foresight to arises when the somewhere place the history five-minute a step forward .
Affleck and their colleagues obtaining a effect similar in the scenes over-imaginative the team impostor in the bazaar of Tehran . .
This action in Too places .
The director had to accept the fact the that a history explained not offer a in the sense film the rules scenes more schemers .
And is the life quite well to sometimes him adds something to the reality here not its everything to Similarly so lobster the scene in the threatens the crisis in the airport the Tehran the handicap the one so-called to America and the search unbridled after their track is unusual in a madness . .
The flaqueza the ARGO is the havoc that arises of the need to show &apos;I action in Too places .
Alan Arkin and John Goodman have a role very gracioso as colleagues the Hollywood although their tyranny is deserved more space and not the nor a least the only in this filme .
For these reasons the film the Affleck lose a little to sketch dramatic but it a film that is can continue to a interest moderate appreciate its realisation and the lifestyle retro the one thriller that beautiful the years . .
But that is collapse that will difficult .
As Grand the one history real and as test of this excessive that can be the concepts of omnipresencia and omnisciencia the services secret is enough .
Reglas for the inflado the promising cotton and circus .
The servant www.bankovnipoplatky.com that every year some a survey on the rates bank more absurd now has decided announce the tender on &apos; the regulation or the ideas more absurd of workshop the EU &apos; .
&apos; They us happened then the last event the EU has scheduled approve a quota of for cent of women in jobs the direction in the large companies European &apos; mover Právo Lindén Nacher the inflated the survey .
Among the absurdidades nominadas is why example the recent decision of court European the unify the cards of insurance between men and women .
far now the women is aventajaban the best prices in the insurance the life because represent objective a risk unemployed .
&apos; Others ideas influenced of workshop the EU can be proposals for the people until late to this year &apos; .
The election noon place to end of month of February the &apos; reported Nacher .
Among the regulations controversial the EU is why example the addition compulsory the biocomponentes the fuel that as result harms the environment another ban is the techniques the thermometers the mercury the whole of life only because contain a small amount of a substance dangerous or the Guideline sombre the size of the cages the rules hens that has helped the commission considerable of price of the eggs this year .
They has criticised the ban proving the use the expression &apos; butter the unstoppable &apos; or the withdrawal of the Philips classical the shops .
A banana the quality must have a length of centimetres .
The aircraft the Union decision-making this type of decisions to often under the pressure the one or other lobby Treasury or industrial whose petitions in Brussels are ideas normally for some state or group of states to Republic Czech even with the threat of veto eye to impose the their banks . .
The interests of a lobby were behind the request for example of the bananas the main quality running having to the EU a length of for this least centimetres and not could submit &apos; curvaturas abnormal &apos; .
The Commission European is initially fights that with this only search harmonisation the rules national not homogeneizadas until the date that only complicaban his marketing .
The rules that are reference to fruit and vegetables in the EU to despite the opposition to some states are the relaxation on the basis of the directive existing realises a huge the grocery .
The candidate to earn the survey could be the requirement of the joint of year past according to opened in the promising inflables that is notably is compulsory themes that the children minors the years not are authorised to inflarlos without the supervision of a adult .
The upholds was reference here to a study American according to opened when are talks the toys the promising are the main cause of death infant for asphyxia .
also a present a Restriction similar applicable the use of matasuegras for part of children of until years .
Ocurrencias curiosas born even in our country .
Similarly absurd is the regulation announce to the officials Europeans everything time to purchase some function official in the EU not be used to designation of Macedonia For not euphemisms the sensitivity of Greece is how to the FYROM Republic European Macedonia . .
The servant Bankovnípoplatky.com in cooperation with the partnership the economists Liberals Laissez Faire nominó in the survey between some proposals absurd COMs more upwards the requirement of the Union on the size of the provisions of food in the territory of a state member .
The EU determinó the volumes device the provisions of food that can technically in the territory of the Republic Czech the same day of our entry to the EU .
After the Republic Czech Estimated for example the size established for setas in retains what is you did a threat of fine substantial .
To the organizers the survey also them crusades the Forced the pay to enforce countries that not hold access to sea and the idea of officials a subsidy for the request of subsidies .
This class of ideas not Tensions in Brussels but in Prague .
&apos; We in existence for the fact the not have sea .
asked to the Union European a compensation &apos; declared in autumn of the then minister of agriculture Jaroslav Palas ČSSD . .
applies destabilise with the fact the that the group country is Infection much crop and as consequence of the law purchases the intervention the state had the department flooded and is had to export .
According Palas prioritised that the Republic Czech is far the ports maritime the EU should pagarnos hundreds of millions of euros .
At final the Commission European is prepared ready to help to the Republic Czech and organised a tender public for the purchasing of crop the countries that not have access to sea .
The subsidy for receiving a subsidy was proposal to the municipalities for the ministry for the development local booklet for the minister Pavel Němec US-DEU precludes is aimed to the wording of applications the subsidies the Brussels . .
EU The half-hearted rare are a exception .
The guidelines of the states Member are to often white of criticism the efforts to the EU in fight the regulations and also a functioning and development more effective in all the Union deserve more well according several experts our recognition .
According the experts the problem more serious is why example the collection of subsidies the EU for projects that not have nothing to see with the deepening of the integration European but that the states Member have succeeded in the negotiations on budgets .
To the Czech also them heart of flax sensitive of same manner that the other countries of the Union the fight for the right to the designation of origin the their products traditional although our country not always very won DE the these pugnas .
The Czech after six years of disputes with Germans and travel Bolshevik with success in designation of origin of requesón the Olomouc but resulted that christening the name the rum national whose tradition in our country is dates the century 19th and Commissioneru'\u2019s to unfair &apos; tuzemák &apos; .
Only the products meat to onwards of distilled the cane the sugar can be so-called rum but not Especially facts to onwards the beet the sugar .
In the textile official of geographical the origin protected the EU together with the oil brined and gorgonzola known in all the world the mazapán the city German Lübeck or the example of ham already been lie for example the shortbread the Karlsbad the carpa the Pohořelice and the Třeboň and even the variety of hop the Žatec .
As maras protected the EU able be proud of the bread the jengibre the Pardubice and the Karlsbad the Hořice v Podkrkonoší .
The People wants to Save the republic but a amateur claims Okamura .
Mr Senator So how is you happened stand to the elections to president .
not been talking to be Senator or president .
If in our country outside everything well then not introduce my candidacy .
But already not can bear see how is monies in the past twenty years in our country how the honour left unpunished is increases the tax and the age of retirement .
not had ambitions of a political .
When see something that not me like attempt give with a solution to be .
And project that already have Forty years and my candidacy is independent the only possibility that have the change the things is imagine as Senator or president .
At Senate already been reached but rather later is the number in road towards the presidency .
not is its the backs to temporarily people to what has voted .
always spotted that my candidacy to the presidency depended the results in the elections of senate .
Over afternoon precisé that if cowardly elected Senator introduce my candidacy to the presidency .
But my aim not a the role to function is the tool with the that can do reality my Their ideas .
For that need to greater influence possible and the mandate more strong possible .
The problem not a only the path a nation that criticize in the night or front of the television but that pisoteamos to anyone that he begin a change .
To this is you at-risk the media the communication is you discredit and confusing the freedom of expression with the freedom of lying .
Indeed me is says that have sobornado to journalists or the reason been advisory the Paroubek .
Are to speak of their ideas .
They where the fight presidential with submit financial and responsibilities criminal the political and the declaration of the property for above the twenty million .
For doing must change the law .
As president not has this competition and only the senate in its whole can propose laws .
How wants resolve .
As citizen I formed part of a group of pressure to the profession the guide is recommend as work decentralised and we got .
The problem is in the political if someone arrives with a good proposal already make the right-wing or the heart is why the purpose and this affects to the citizens .
As candidate independent correspondence the one greater potential for obtain the support the all the groups parliamentary .
However encasillamientos nor undistorted the party have the capacity of power decisions something of each party that make better for our country and apply .
They viewed more well a man of right-wing or the heart .
Since the point of view Czech have the impression that the people me viewed more of left-wing .
For me not has importance already make a little to left-wing or a little to right-wing .
applies to me care is that emerge forward .
not me care if someone is the right-wing or the heart want abreast to the people .
always support the kind solution good regardless of whether the proposal next the KSČM or the ODS and the same manner Unless in against the rules bad ideas .
ago joke when are says the Ud. that is populist .
But not what is demonstrating with what is says .
When is creates a plan business for the company future also revealed objectives and ideals .
E intentas acercarte to them .
Will who what called populism but all the proposals to the that simply already work in the world or known experts Talk the them .
But without the support of parliament only him on slogans .
And with this not be survive in the political to long-term term .
Or believes you that if is aimed to the people and speaks with them adequately for example a responsibility criminal and financial .
not have another option .
Convencer to political to journalists and to the society civil and try unilaterally the my part to do .
If outside elected president not have problem in organise a mandatory in direct for television in the opened Southern to the leaders of the parties parliamentary that legitimaran the responsibility criminal and financial for political officials judges and tax of state .
And eventually them sooner that communicate why not what want .
If there a personage strong that refers to disputes are can do pressure in the scene policy .
Take for case the election direct the president the has been a achievement of the pressure public .
At same time ours is only a amateur not a nor a bottle nor a intellectual .
For my views and ideals attempt seek allies .
hoc the course in the political and attempt obtain the main support possible to my programme .
defend cash the things forward my same but in case of the not undermine well inside the six years we shall and so the sector private .
sounds a little as if Okamura outside the save the Republic Czech .
not a circumstances salvador .
beliefs that with a person not successfully nothing for this and visited to a series of personalities known for if the what better is animaran to submit his candidacy the senate .
elation to see the Radim Jančura but is refused because she much work .
For my part for this least have supported the journalist the research Jana Lorencová that he is the light the fraud with cheeses commercial the heating .
I together plainly the basis of the people is really dissatisfied now am in the balance .
The Sixty for cent of the population not vote to the ballot and Especially that we Those voted to the representatives of the .
In the senate are two of sector independent .
The People checked the senate of stand Similarly that will complicated achieve changes .
However my defend my Their ideas as for example the election direct the mayors or the governors .
Has considering fortunate his own party .
still not what have considered because not have time to this is whether the past unblemished the individual each of the potential Member of party nor either have money .
not have money nor for the campaign to the presidency in my account transparent only there NOK .
not has money .
centralisation the statements of the property So how is the yours .
clarification my property private in few million .
In Prague have a ground valued in million a floor valued ten million another floor tasado in eight million a series of works of art with a value of ten million a Aston Martin the few million and a Škoda Superb valued in a million and in the account have a couple of millions .
For true have a Aston Martin because was my dream of young always me that James madman to Berg-Petržalka this car was galante with the women and the same time elites against the maldades and in .
Conduce a Aston Martin his property is valued in million and not has money for the campaign .
Ud. says that it change the republic but not wants put too money to their part .
not a very convincing .
not have million for the campaign .
I that endeudarme .
In the campaign already have now million .
The fact the that not strong circumstances patrocinador shows that not there too interest in my programme .
And not have the obligation of pay the campaign with money to my pocket .
The expenses the campaign expressed in essence what is detailed in concept of salary of Senator .
But not could live in this therefore example not could pay to my son the school English that costs NOK month .
If like just win money then not me introduce as candidate .
So that will have their activity business for power live .
not been said before the cards to stop this activity .
This not has nothing to see with a salary greater .
As I promised in part I last my activities .
For example the representative of my agency the travel examined to be my substitute in spring .
The People problem is outside the samaritano that salvase the republic .
But I also need live in something .
How loosen to earn monthly as entrepreneur .
Among and , that out gaining .
If outside president then commodities the business .
Can obligatory across the interview in the edition of Saturday the Práva .
The study of architecture MVRDV shows that the real adventures not only are in the head in the example of the library the Spijkenisse and the newly draw &apos; mountain of books &apos; 2 photos .
&apos; believe that the building is it is a aspect futurista and for all there something interesting to see &apos; claims Lisette Verhaig a passer-by that has for the streets .
And Stefan Spermon technical the IT in a great company Administrative closely the library urgency &apos; addition the building is really &apos; .
But I me wonder for what we a library today in day .
all have Internet chlorine and books electronic .
Nobody enters for tailor-make in those libraries big the young So not .
Spijkenisse a city bedroom Administrative to the doors of nursing that hardly deserves a fugaz visit holds the doubtful honour of been levies with a record for forget .
The population of inhabitants where the rate of literacy more low the Netherlands .
For counter this situation that scandal ago some years is decided contribute to some function to the culture general and preserved the seven bridges People-trafficking that most represented in the notes the euro in manner of miniaturas the concrete arm decoradas .
The success of the offensive amusing was limited .
And case was as the responsibility politicians keeper that only existed a possibility to improve the statistics generalized had to build a library .
Winy Maas of study of architecture Dutch MVRDV everything a master in the art of the diagramas the consequences and responsible the buildings funny to the couple that Quai is three-and-a-half the issue with their become calm and Dalmau to the presentation of Contest in the year with five books under the satisfactorily and a rights in the scars .
And while the jury miraba Oswiecim to their around and is encogía the shoulders Maas 17,900 to blown the books for size soul a pyramid and completed its brief speech with the following words &apos; Dear fellow .
Here the suits my proposal for the mountain of books of Spijkenisse the so-called `Boekenberg la &apos; .
Nine years later the mountain of millions of euros is suspended in the place scheduled .
That manner part of project of revival that is therefore with a parking underground a supermarket a office of emails and a couple of buildings of housing and adosados .
To principles of November the mountain of books was medallists with the second award &apos; Best Library European NL &apos; .
Moreover the project also is nominado the &apos; Dutch National Wood Award &apos; .
Indeed this way the small town sake of history that until the date not had nothing more to offer to a zone smartest posmoderna and a City incredibly liver-stained after whose façade cheque each intuiría more well a central farm account now with a masterpiece the architecture contemporary .
But on all Spijkenisse disposal now the first building cultural public to their history .
The long-term road until the book .
The first impression is that is about the one paradise the books under a quesera .
Well is true that there a lift to us stored fair the centre of this Hallandsåsen montañoso but the real admirers of space and the reading not what use but that prefer fundirse with their topografía to each step in its escalation to the top .
The internal completely acristalado is bright and easy to maintain with the view the soil the house recocido and the elegant farolas support the way unequivocally the condition public to the library .
The environment urban is perfect .
At raise the view is can reach to visualizar the banks of traffic the dogs and the children and girls playing the football .
And for all Criminals books and more books .
&apos; usually the shelves the books are all the what long-term the façade and in the centre is opens a huge room brown-skinned that we what general always be something lecturing and impersonal &apos; claims Winy Maas .
applies to have done us is put upside upwards the classical configuration body and cash the area of reading of internal the outside .
The internal the mountain is very well tapped in the environment is lie the offices the library the internet the club of chess the centre of education environmental and the clear the peacekeeping .
drama special deserve the shelves blackest that tries the year the coating mural parapeto and barandilla the same time .
The view the identified and the olfato are strangers .
Even the architects and the engineers civilians more the day shake the head when shrieked talk of this material unknown .
&apos; wanted work with materials recycled &apos; us explains Joop Trouborst head of project in the city of Spijkenisse .
And case is as a day in a exploitation agricultural frisia us alone with the form adequate alert the agriculture .
Since ago many years in the greenhouses and in the camps of the Netherlands is used a fabric plastic the scarce millimetres the thick as basis for sujetar the roots of the crops .
They talking to a material cheap and efficient .
This fabric fine repressed two stations and then is established .
For the library this fabric are prensó for first time in such quantities until achieving Illustrations the four centimetres the thick .
With the heat and the pressure the so-called plastic agricultural KLP changing the colour and is becomes in a material dark border-transcending and durable that smacks to a mixture of car new and zapatilla the sport .
After frontage is at the top of the mountain .
At final the this route continual the almost metres around the mountain us Great the reward since the cafeteria not only is has a fantastic view of the city but that the her also been can enjoy the should Cheap croquetas budgeting and their ficus acres in enormous pots .
These Do a environment atmosphere to the couple that Other the moisture air suitable for this mountain of literature .
Donaciones for a new soul .
&apos; Although whatever to keep their large aside glass this building is a project exemplary in this is concerned to the ecology &apos; Other Trouborst .
The heating and the cooling necessary is given to onwards the energy geothermal .
To despite the that the mountain of books is located under a huge pyramid the glass even in the days more soleados the sun only Maputo during few hours in its internal .
The enormous cerchas the wood enacted in respect transversal to the façade of glass serve to give shadow and indicating the majority of the rays of sun .
This creates a climate internal confortable .
The rest is something of the shutters automatic .
Stefan Spermon the escéptico worker of sector of the technologies of the economy already been has dared to put the ordinary in the new library .
And Lisette Verhaig also has state there .
Similarly the teacher of medicine traditional Chinese Cynthia Bogarde has visited the library She status of &apos; Boekenberg &apos; as the &apos; soul belatedly &apos; the Spijkenisse .
The reason is that with reason to the opening to had place ago a couple of weeks is invited to all the inhabitants of the city to public a book the his series private .
Indeed this way is intended fill the moment the plant ópticos the one library that even not account of their archive completely in the date has copies .
The concept has assertions celebration .
The shelves are teem .
&apos; not there nothing worse to a library half empty &apos; claims the architect Winy Maas .
&apos; believe that thanks to our initiative now all the inhabitants have a true link with this building .
all know that his book manner part of the library .
Although only protecting Hence for anti-farming .
Indeed this way the study MVRDV has managed everything a success in this discipline dominated that the argot specialises is knows as &apos; creation of a identity &apos; .
The city of Spijkenisse has writing a part of the history of the literature .
Regardless the what young and inculta that can be .
For end a point of starting to shaping his identity .
Szabo &apos; The Germans must vital a role more in &apos; .
Germany is the abstained in the vote on the admission of Palestine .
According Stephen Szabo expert in the relations USA UU.-Europa this puts to Berlin in a position diplomatic quite tricky .
Deutsche Welle To principles of week Germany only to understand that shadow in against the proposal to grant to the territories Palestinians the condition of state observer the rules Nations UN .
However finally Berlin is abstained .
For what .
Stephen Szabo Germany not supports what is the Israelis have done in Gaza .
Now well because the relationship special that unite the country with Israel Germany must have care .
But the same time that the either supports the position fooled .
Germany wanted demonstrate its independence without a too critical with Israel .
During the embargo to had place in Libya in March the , Germany also been abstained when the what is being breadth was the establish a zone the ban the flight .
That has been malpractice finally we in NATO .
Le is difficult to Germany adopt a position clear when are in game subjects international important .
Yes case is .
This is how to the in these moment is hindrance his policy external intergovernmental the one policy clean-up for it goes for the States United and to the one policy external German .
And what is less still more the things is that the Europeans not have a policy coherent and uniform .
For what therefore the Germans is lie in a crossroads .
Indeed them are expected to archives a allows more independent but not are numbers to do .
believe that there are in what will his role but already been initiated the road towards a policy external &apos; normal &apos; .
A policy external similar to the countries as France or Great Britain .
What mean specifically a policy external &apos; normal &apos; since the point of view German .
It a policy is when are talking to interests national is shows ready to defend clash different to the States United or their partners Europeans .
believe that the political external German position is strong motivation in the political economic is say in the exports and in their relations with certain regions as can be Russia China or Middle .
The interests economic Germans are until true point different to the other large powers and for that reason Germany must protect their interests .
These interests economic have clearly in the position adopted with regard to conflict in Middle and in the vote in the UN .
For a hand Germany account of great markets in Middle particularly in the Gulf .
For this reason must be careful and not alienate the opinion public Arab nor either the rules élite Arab .
This is important for course .
But I not him virtual never importance project that not been talking to a relationship completely unilateral .
However yes context a role fundamental in the considerations German .
He re-establish Germany his relationship with USA Compared the abstain the vote in important decisions as the vote on Palestine .
believe that the Europe and even in States United the position German enjoyed the one enormous rise to understanding .
For this reason not believe that is very produced a past so drastic as the case of Libya .
Perhaps with this Germany hear achieved Torquemada a true respect .
At end and the carried everything that not been done but demonstrate that is a country to the Take in seriously as actor international and whose interests are the having to account .
In Europe there different views onset of the initiative Palestinian .
In change USA Compared is the shown clearly to favour of a veto .
There differences in views between USA Compared and many nations European .
always been Therefore these disparities due to the political internal US .
believe that the government of Obama shows in secret a great understanding towards the position European .
But to cause of the situation policy is being lives here is obvious that the government not be defend the public that position .
believe that the real differences in views not has the reality the tremendous that is you attaches .
If enormous the relations between Obama and the Prime Minister Israeli Netanyahu see that Obama not is to nothing himself with the political that develops .
Le is difficult to Germany reconcile the struck relations to keeps with Israel and States United for a hand with the position of their main partners in the EU for other .
believe that is precisely that we that makes the make that difficult to the Germans .
For course that would a little more easy to the Germans if existed a policy European coherent and experiences but not a the case .
For what therefore not have the possibility of everyday part of a broadcasting higher but that must speed the things since its own position .
That is precisely what is are doing now with the euro .
believe that the future Germany financed a role of an to the hour of forcing to Europe to take a position European .
For course that this not a nothing easy to Germany already make simply for the relationship that keeps with Israel .
This has been always a subject handles .
But believe that the Germans have clear that must vital the role of Through independent .
They sees Germany to itself same in the role of actor international important you speak in reality Germany assume a role in .
Or perhaps you still finding difficult accept that an .
Germany still not been has Fitoussi always is something embarrassed and for reasons obvious the country him continues costing vital a role more important .
If saw the crisis of euro for example see that every time to Germany is imminent as actor main is yielding revealed feelings antialemanes .
This not quite easy to the Germans .
They talking to a old problem and is that nobody wants be surrounded the countries enemies .
Seen the this way Germany is position in a position much more difficult to States United .
must show a attitude inclusive cope to the different neighbours and views and that not quite easy .
The influence the USA Compared in the political European tonight each time more but the EU not cover the moment that have you who is then .
To the Germans not they remain more choice to assume a role more in .
Even if not they like if they is unpleasant or if they becomes in a people still more unpopular c la &apos;est the vie .
Stephen Szabo is Director-General Executive the Academy Transatlantic in Washington a institution in the that academic and experts in policy originating the Europe and the America of north analyse the way jointly the challenges to the that is faces the community transatlantic .
Szabo is too member of polls Marshall polls where is the specialises in policy German policy external US and relations transatlantic .
&apos; Protection the trademark &apos; in China when Puma and walking is unusual the suddenly in trademark Chinese .
Rolex is a brand known to level global and Pole Ralph Lauren also .
But So what is drunk Pole .
After this name is behind a designation the official in China but that not has nothing to see with the companies original .
not however one enjoyed the protection while the real epónimos not jointly a demand .
E even then not is clear that is they demands to give the right .
&apos; To the local them is every time more difficult protect their trademark in China &apos; Other Greek Pattloch lawyer of bufete Taylor Wessing specialises in violations of rights of protection in Far Middle .
Every week arrives to my table a new case .
The imitators simply Four a couple of letters for power record their trademark .
Indeed this way Gucci is becomes in Lu-Gucci and in place in Prada is tragic Prada-Kny .
The companies German also been copied legally the same function stand and as you has happened to manufacturer of articles sports Puma .
Pattloch opens a cupboard in the that unrelated seats the office of trademark the Beijing .
The September the one company Chinese Full record the mark Zegna DF Puma a name artificial that also been useless the house of fashionable Ermenegildo Zegna .
can the Chinese are champions world in this the imitation and the violate the rights of ownership intellectual is the well-known known .
In the large cities there large stores of several plants dedicated exclusively to the sale of counterfeiting .
However the cases of Pattloch are the other kettle For bookshop the their customers him fight against the fact the that the office of trademark solve the way official to the companies Chinese the right to cash advantage of a designation that already is the in other place .
The Chinese what to &apos; Bang Ming Pai &apos; or brand incapacity .
The word has its origin in the term Chinese &apos; Bang Dakuan &apos; .
that makes reference to women is the &apos; fish &apos; to a man wealthy .
The authorities Chinese not been feel guilty .
&apos; It harmful to the business there is fight against this &apos; requires Pattloch .
&apos; The brand ago waters the position monopolist disappears and the damage to suffering the image is enormous &apos; .
The losses financial and the coast procedural the sectors affected are millonarias on all the case of products flagship the luxury .
According data the company of analysis of market CLSA with a volume of millions of euros to year China is in size the third market of articles of luxury and the that growth to greater pace .
However achieve the call the enrolment the dubious legality in the registration of trademark is actually and addition supposed much money .
The processes are can expectancies until nine years and the result is not .
Pattloch talks the cases in the that the court rejected a demand because in Reforms therefore time to the name subjected to the demand already been in become the one &apos; reality of market &apos; .
&apos; If the complainant has bad Fortunately perhaps even purchase that pay money to plagiador because the process has damage to the mark the unknown in China &apos; Other Pattloch .
In occasions this is the law of the jungle .
Some the cases more known have to see with elements graphic .
In Daimler-Benz lost a thousand against the manufacturer of machinery the construction Sany the company that has been Bridgwater ago little for the manufacturer German the bombs the concrete Putzmeister .
For that the day of today the Chinese can continue reported a flag very similar to the star of Mercedes .
The buyer the Umeå Geely ounces the principle a logo in white and blue that raising the great measure to BMW the issue is dirimió in the courts and Geely had to amend .
The manufacturer of clothes Lacoste lost in China against imitators originating the Kong and Singapore whose logo doubt a crocodile eye to the direction opposite the original .
The authorities Chinese not been feel guilty .
The office of trademark CTMO in Beijing recognises that the have been difficulties due to the shortage of equipment and staffing of staff .
The year past without however &apos; the situation in emergency labour returned to the normal &apos; .
Indeed this way the amount of processes of complaint without tramitar is the small in a % .
Almost the state cases are properly solved a % more to the year previous .
However 81.500 complaints continuing outstanding the resolution .
Combating against this costs a money .
As always be become the China the figures are surprising .
The year past the CTMO recorded more of millions of applications the protection of trademark almost a third most to the . .
They blocking of a new record and does that China lidera for tenth year running the list of new enrolment in all the world according Other the office of trademark .
seems to this also happens with the number of stitched valid figure is 27 to million in total .
In is would embolsado million of donated in concept of rights .
words of other way that does that the average each register costs donated or EUR .
Combating against this costs a money stand and as shows the case of the company family German Freudenberg .
Since ago more of seven years the group principal in the courts against a imitador Chinese .
If well the Germans have succeeded stopping the manufacture illegal the so-called the car in imitation .
the imitador has achieved assured the rights Chinese on the mark Freudenberg .
&apos; We ourselves have for this situation because the Germany the surnames not are protected &apos; Other Hanno Wentzler President and Consejero Delegado the Freudenberg Chemical Specialities in Munich .
The office of trademark CTMO also rejected the resource the muniqueses .
In the two following presidents him have prioritised the right to Freudenberg but the part opposite continues fronts in the date .
There that have great care .
Now the case has come to the doors of Court Supreme the Justice where continues outstanding the resolution .
Wentzler entrusts in power resolve welcome the issue and extolls the professionalism of the courts .
However also claims to &apos; the procedure is extremely expensive therefore in terms of money as the time &apos; .
hard difficult estimate the costs internal the archive business has been the review dossiers the until hundred years of 30-year-old for power proof tests .
ago five years Freudenberg promised to the part opposite a &apos; sum of six figures in EUR &apos; with the aim of reaching to a agreement friendly but not had success .
&apos; This shows that a that we care &apos; Other Wentzler .
The dangers that sub-continent in Far Middle threat even with whatsoever to Europe .
specifically if the large is fairly there are rights on trademark not protected .
So a manufacturer Chinese tried record in Germany the name Freudenberg for shoes and products the fur .
ago time to the group Pan this field commercial not however annexed prevent the register .
&apos; There that have great care &apos; claims Wentzler .
Both him as the lawyer Pattloch estimated to the companies German that is extremely careful to the hour of do business with China .
not enough to rely in the legislation international on rights of brand but that we that there is done is &apos; record also in China everything achieved that can be eligible the protection &apos; stand and as urgency Wentzler .
Indeed what contrary the issue can infected much more expensive that a simple registration .
Indeed fact the case of the Freudenberg varied the last assault the his battle particular then doing that pay to the part opposite rights of licence for their own name stand and as explains Wentzler .
That or in the segment in question us expulsarían of market .
Day global the fight against the AIDS dance lottery help .
In Druckmaschinen trying to join Imbongi and in Swaziland is delighted the orphans of AIDS .
The history of a link capable of the period a more of kilometres of distance .
First is starts for the floor shoes of cowboy Suspected the basketball shoes of tacón and mocasines looking the sea on the soil the parquet and we lie quickly .
A two three four .
Only then Wynn to elevarse slowly the voices of the singers contralto under statement and soprano arremolinándose , entorpeciéndose and siguiéndose should the other .
And Fiete Hopf the director of years threat to trick almost the their pushing the try put agenda with their gestures you.&apos; and softer .
It Monday for the late and in the clear the music the Institute the Psicología Médica the printing the chorus Imbongi trying to new song .
also have come the fifty singers of between and years since the genetista human until the looking to home .
&apos; Om la Obani &apos; not a piece easy each voice of praise has a text different and addition the one language foreign hardly known the zulú a language spoken for eleven million of people in South Botswana Lesotho Malawi Mozambique and in a areas of Swaziland .
Aid for the Self-help .
According a estimate the UNAIDS the programme the rules Nations UN for the fight against the AIDS in all the world are approximately million of people infected for the virus of HIV .
million of them live in the southern the Africa .
In Swaziland there orphans of AIDS .
Over of % of the population already is positive .
The partnership Voices degradation Africa has met in Germany peacemaker for the orphans of AIDS of people of Esitjeni .
Seventy the work now to the school secondary .
For or EUR the month is can apadrinar to a child .
This point cover the discharge the school the uniform and you ensure a food hot the day in the Gogo Center .
Imbongi mean in zulú &apos; narrador the stories &apos; or &apos; panegirista &apos; .
In this clear nobody knows talk to fluidity this language bantú but lottery yes know .
Since ago ten years this Whitehead trying songs in this &apos;Softly language foreign to the times failure transportarles to their place in origin the southern the Africa .
To kilometres of distance in line straight since Druckmaschinen in the north-east of wealth of Swaziland exists a people so-called Esitjeni that depends the rules voices of this Whitehead German .
The Forty for cent is somewhere .
Around people live there are still in surgery ravines the settlement and mouth a great part of them are children .
Over the already not have parents because they succumbed the AIDS .
Esitjeni is a small example of this is affects to Swaziland the rate of infection of AIDS more high-speed and the hopes of life more lowest of all the world according certificate .
The population not believe with good eyes the circumcision a practice that according is the demonstrated reduces to the half the risk of infection .
Over of % of the inhabitants of Swaziland are Without of virus the line and die with something more of thirty years is the become the something become .
During a journey whole to Africa in the spring of the chorus Potočnik this recóndita population but it is saw on all were many children in the streets that condemned not only the protection of their parents but the what main food clothes and training .
However title school the chances in a country poor are more to bleak .
In a principle was solely the compromise particular the few what is at possible to a child outside the school and disfrutara the one food hot the day All this for years few EUR .
However a year later the chorus Atatürk the partnership &apos; Voices degradation Africa &apos; that since then is the occupied profesionalmente the orphans of AIDS in Esitjeni .
Deeds on the infections the transmission sexual .
What are the main diseases of transmission sexual .
Among the infection of origin bacteriano are the identifying the infection and the gonorrea .
The incidence of origin vírico more arise are the AIDS the virus of every human the herpes mutilation or the hepatitis .
The ladillas and the sarna is lie between the infection airborne for parasites .
What are the main groups of affected .
The identifying and the gonorrea is babies with more frequently in men to Other relations sex with other men .
The Institute Robert Koch part of the basis of the least four the individual five cases of identifying handle in Germany have their origin in a contact sexual between men .
In the case of the adults heterosexuales the diseases of transmission sexual more arise are the infections for chlamydia tricomonas the virus of every human the candidiasis hongo and the gonorrea .
The infection of HIV between the adults heterosexuales of country is relatively small not however approximately the % of the new infections for HIV is something in this group .
Among the young the infections for chlamydia are a more arise that the other groups of population .
According polls European three quarters of all the infections affecting to young to between and years .
In our country the virus of every human also been adds to the diseases more arise between the youth .
How has evolved the number of infections .
not all the diseases of transmission sexual are subject to declaration compulsory .
According the Institute Robert Koch the number of infections for identifying has doubled its figure of cases in the cases in . .
The number of new infections for HIV keeps a trend downward since . .
In is registered approximately cases .
They talking to a tenth part least that the year previous .
What symptoms indicate that is about the one disease venérea .
The diseases infectious can provoke úlceras in the area mutilation bother the orinar flow pain abdominal case as ampollas or verrugas .
To often not cause pain nor rights other symptoms and for this not been stem .
How is can each protect .
The Condoms can reduce the risk of infection but not offered protection the one for one .
Some agents wildfire the diseases of transmission sexual also be transferred to via the infections for suciedad and for contact physical .
For this reason the experts to review regularly to examinations doctors on all if is going to often the relationship sexual .
If is diagnosed the way Children the majority of the infection can cured and is possible avoid any consequence belatedly .
To via the partnerships donations and for Finally but not for this least important to the refunded to two the chorus for their actions in all Germany best-seller to custom quite money .
&apos; In total have willing already few EUR to Esitjeni &apos; Other proud Annette Lennartz chairman of the partnership .
In the own people Zodwa Gugu a woman safe to itself same and with rhetoric the leadership administers the money willing since Germany .
They ranks the that the orphans trouble a good sanitation for example with a the rules grandmothers .
The &apos; gogos &apos; as is possible to the women elderly in zulú are the pillars of people .
Some the them have until orphans to their office they offered a compromise where live and is 59 the that the children matured to the school all the days punctually and pictures with their uniform .
The that not have to nobody has lower the protection of Khanyisile a woman unmarried that the Like that the two cocineras that is dealt the cooking all the days for more of children hungry made a wage the partnership .
Moreover &apos; Voices European Africa &apos; has now in march a school of remnant has built two gallineros and in cooperation with the organisation health US PSI has achieved that many of the inhabitants of people are around subjected to a test of HIV .
This not a something obvious project that the despite the what patent to is this disease in all the country not been saying talk openly the her .
A King with wives .
&apos; The AIDS is a taboo absolute &apos; claims Annette Lennartz &apos; because has to see with the acceptance &apos; .
Something strange in a country in the that the king has officially wives .
The Finally monarca absolute of Africa Black the king Mswati III is known for their lifestyle of life opulento and nobody the attacks .
Poligamia in place in democracy .
This manner of life not found officially is in great part responsible the spreads so fast that has gone the virus of HIV in the last decades .
But also been must to the countless temporeros that travel the country of a hand the other and the what . beyond where van .
According Annette Lennartz &apos; in any corner is can achieve Condoms free but these hardly is guns .
It another culture here only accepts the contact fur against fur &apos; .
For encourage the exchange cultural the chorus Imbongi travels each two or three years for the southern the Africa cantando songs that Talk the gloom spirit combativo expectancy and confidence in the race black songs that many in the extreme more southern of continent African still at the time of apartheid .
A bus full of white that too songs in a language of black therefore recognition not only law brought a excellent environment and lot joy but that also has achieved arrancarle a couple of tears to come to another Bronze crossing rabioso .
The journey them brings always to Esitjeni where the singers exams to the children apadrinados .
To despite the that this small population hardly permeating in the maps in the valley of river Ezulweni is very well-known .
&apos; Acércate to Esitjeni there Maputo the light &apos; claims to people of place .
And after way the kilometres in line straight the driving to Druckmaschinen until the rooms the trial to the streets Bergheimer teem the singers pointing the step each was five-minute account of the also a possible see brillar his light since there .
Messenger The NASA Anglo-Saxon ice in Mercurio .
The probe Messenger has met tests the existence of ice in Mercurio .
probably the layer of ice purchase a thick the until metres .
The NASA the agency body fooled has brought tests the existence of ice in Mercurio .
To despite the car of planet more practicable the sun there also there water helada stand and as is glean the three studies published the Thursday in the magazine specialised &apos; BAMST &apos; .
The probe Messenger would met tests the that the area of planet that is position verge to the shadow is the breakup a layer of ice .
seems to one has the least centimetres and probably even until metres of thick .
The water proceeding possesses the cometas or with great probably the asteroides that the his day collisions against Mercurio .
Nobody harassment-related the purpose of ice with the possibility of the families life in the planet claims the scientists head of the probe Messenger Whatever Solomon .
The temperature in Mercurio can achieve until degrees Celsius .
However the findings could help to clarify how have come to water and other components the life to other areas of system solar .
Indeed manner completely inadvertida for the inhabitants of planet earth the probes telescopios and small robots as the installation is play to explore the local of universe .
Indeed increasingly in when dispatches images to the earth small windows to the far the space .
The image proceeding the one chamber less-developed for researchers Germans of Institute Max Planck .
The eight planets that foetuses our system solar addition the planet enano Ceres .
At Like that Plutón that novel around the sun fair for behind the envious according to new definition of term tell-tale for the Union Astronómica International in Ceres not a circumstances &apos; planet &apos; .
This section of a image of infrared made by the astrophysical Spitzer shows a &apos; reflects the family &apos; in the that most infinitas generations of stars the stars more ancient is keen as points blue although it more difficult to recognise is the colour rosy the rules stars &apos; newly Baby &apos; .
This region of training of stars called the way little romantic for the scientists W5 was republicans for the astrophysical Spitzer in the constellation of Casiopea to a distance of years light .
This image tornasolada the one star in extinction was made by the astrophysical Spitzer the NASA .
The ring in manner of donut is linked for the material is the star escupe in its process of extinction .
In the issue Nebulosa Trífida to have light of the earth is form new stars to onwards the gas and dust .
The astrophysical Spitzer the NASA three-and-a-half this picture of the area of training estelar galáctica .
The Pléyades a group of stars also known with the nickname of &apos; The Seven Hermanas &apos; are a subjected visible to simple view the sky night .
However with the astrophysical is can appreciate best the colours .
The Nebulosa the Hélice permeating as a huge eye red permeating in this image of infrared .
They position Administrative to have light of the constellation of Acuario .
Their similarity with a continent penetrate him has earned the nickname of America of north .
The combination of a photograph normal and a image of infrared five-minute place to a powerful colorido .
This star in support could be barbaric in all its glory for first time for the detectors the infrared of astrophysical Spitzer .
Saturn and their anillos how is scandalous continues remains a the rules large CAP the exploration .
probably been talking to leftovers of a the rules screens the Saturno that unification without stop trace ago million of years .
A the rules elderly and more nítidas photographs photo for the astrophysical Hubble the Galaxia of Remolino .
&apos;Depending the rules tonalidades some images of galaxies espirales is unusual in real works of art .
The image tell-tale for the Centre European Southern shows the Nebulosa Trífida Administrative to several thousands of years light in the constellation of Sagitario .
The name Trífida proceeding of term Latino &apos; trifidus &apos; divided in three , project that should shameful lines of dust earmarked the heart detained in this area of training estelar in three lóbulos .
In the constellation of Ofiuco the outskirts preoccupied fotografiar the signs of a carambola ancestorsu'\u2019rule to million of years light of the earth the vulnerable of two galaxies in process of merger is hurling the one towards the other to abolish chocando the way irredeemably .
This training of stars was barbaric for the astrophysical Hubble in the galaxy spiral M83 .
The that not riches the abbreviations techniques can economically to her with the nickname of Molinillo Southern .
The photograph of astrophysical body Hubble shows a section of the Nebulosa Iris in the constellation of Cefeo .
The amorphous Administrative to have light is independent for particles of dust whose size is between ten and one sometimes more small that the rules particles of dust that we find the one house .
This image was created to onwards the pictures angles and the radiografías respond for profits telescopios .
besieged a ring of holes black nearing to million of years light of the earth .
This group of galaxies so-called Arp , constructive for a moment the model for the astrophysical body Hubble the NASA .
The scientists call the galaxy spiral of greater size UGC . .
In this amorphous is position of group of stars young more brilliant the our Approach planets .
This zone the training estelar produces constantly new stars .
In this cloud of stars associated to the Nebulosa Roseta also emerge continually new star to have light of the earth .
In this galaxy so brilliant with a small hole black still not there dust only gas .
The researchers Neurodegenerative that is formed little later the big bang when the universe is chosen find on all hydrogen .
Our window the universe the telescopios more important .
seems to the astrophysical was any for Hans Lipperhey in , before the that Galileo Galilei what green a year later for abide the stars .
Since then the solar the telescopios ópticos not been tax-related the grow and the pictures that we offered have every time more depth .
During years specifically the to , the astrophysical Hale nearing in the Centre Palomar closely the St Diego was the most large of world .
Their mirror in the image had a distance of five metres .
In Arizona USA EUR , is suspended the Families Binocular Telescope .
giving allows abide the outer to via the two mirrors each one of a distance of metres .
The internal of Great Telescopio Canary nearing in the island of a Palma is enormous only the mirror has a distance of metres .
The mirror of Southern Families Telescope in South is segmentado for save costs .
Despite to this region a distance of approximately eleven metres .
The disadvantage of this construction more economic is that the astrophysical has a angle the raising fixed for this is its mobility is limited .
The astrophysical Hobby-Eberly in Compare also has a angle the raising fixed .
Their particularidad is its enormous capacity for picking light .
To despite the count with a distance of mirror comparison more small start capacity is seventies to the telescopios the mirror more large of world .
With aid of radio the Arecibo Rico the researchers can explore the universe in search of signals the life extraterrestre .
The LOFAR has a distance of metres .
In the &apos; Project the Division Extraterrestre &apos; SETI for their ETS in English can help any person to resident a computer bringing capacity of prosecution .
Vista of Centre European Southern ESO nearing in the danger Chilean .
Here is suspended the Very Families Telescope a astrophysical that makes honour to their name .
With a total of four mirrors this astrophysical also be iluminar the spectrum infrarrojo half .
The ESO also welcome the so-called E-ELT European Extremely Families Telescope or Telescopio European Extremadamente been . .
Their mirror maintenance Specifically metres and summit constituted by a total of elements reflectantes .
far not been waiting power taken images .
far the two telescopios Keck located in the volcano hawaiano the Mauna Kea were considered the most large of world .
These count with two mirrors each one of them to a distance of metres .
The telescopios Keck form part of Centre Mauna Kea that together to them explora the sky with the aid of astrophysical Subaru and the IRTTF .
In Mauna Kea is scheduled build a new astrophysical the enormous grand and with a distance of mirror of thirty metres .
That is a image of how would .
However the information more important of outer us all the momentum of astrophysical body Hubble .
Since the April the demonstrations images of worlds distant .
Since March the astrophysical body Kepler search planets extrasolares mainly Especially that are liveable .
The February the NASA announced that since the beginning of their mission was previously permanently candidates to planets .
In the image is standing the past preparations prerequisites the launching of astrophysical body Kepler .
The astrophysical James Webb Space Telescope JWST not been launched the space to board of a lift-off Ariane until . .
The mirror maintenance of this astrophysical body has a distance of metres .
A the rules functions the issue astrophysical be seek to light of the first stars and galaxies charity after the big bang .
The researchers proceed to the basis of the in the side southern the Mercurio also there ice .
However not exist tests are now that the probe Messenger novel in around the planet in a fold much more citizen-friendly the side north .
Since ago decades the measurements the radar indicate to the existence of ice in Mercurio .
Thank to the probe Messenger 2004 the first to contradict in around the Mercurio , now the scientists have the certainty the that is it .
Drinking butter to daily and live years .
At southern the Azerbaijan many people peer achieve bracket bíblicas .
uncertain exists even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
A search of fingerprinting in a country in the that the people of years still are considered young .
At southern the Azerbaijan many people peer achieve bracket bíblicas .
uncertain exists even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
A search of fingerprinting in a country in the that the people of years still are considered young .
The pack for the region mountainous the Talysh could Altogether the facts and romantic .
The minibús developing with great din to via the sinuosa road to touch the hand the hill boscosas rivers of great wealth and the rules surgery houses the farmers local .
All is green and nice each could even thinking that is position in the Forest Black .
However we find the area more southern the Azerbaijan since here the border with Iran is position to that only few kilometres .
Here sub-Saharan the &apos; talyshi &apos; a people of the not been knows much apart the that dominated perfectly the mullah and the azerí and the are very sub-continent .
Our destination final is Lerik .
This small town defeating the one architecture perhaps too maciza sewn in the era Soviet and the not appear dovetailed of all the one landscape montañoso so deserving .
The tourists Europeans hardly best-seller to this place already the road since the capital of Azerbaijan Baku is too heavy .
For way the kilometres that separate two vulnerable urban is need eight hours because the road is the one only sense .
The astonishing wealth of the that enjoyed the country thanks to oil the sea Caspian still not been reached the this recóndita region .
However Pilata Fatulayeva 48 is convinced the that Lerik has it is there is having to norm in a tourist .
&apos; Baku is did famous in May with reason to the wise of votes of Contest and the next year celebrate the votes of the people more victims of world &apos; Other Fatulayeva .
They talking to the director of Museum the Longevidad perhaps the only the exists in the world .
Here is very the life of eight dozens of talyshis of place to have that the years of age Fatulayeva Other a image in white and black .
giving is my grandfather that resulted years .
A son compelled died to the age of years .
However the star unquestionable of museum is the herding the sheep Şirali Müslümov that seems ought through years .
not however not exist none starting to birth to what certifique .
And if have to account the man of greater age detailed lived years seems to the age of Müslümov is quite fine .
&apos; He in the region in and died in &apos; us explains Fatulayeva .
The man National married in three times and had children At apparently still had time to conceive a daughter more to the age of years .
They has wrong then Şirali Müslümov in its age in a couple of decades .
However Rembrandt Scholz gerontólogo in the Institute Max Planck the door also has heard talk of the older age of this tax the Asia Central .
&apos; In some regions of China Japan or in the valley the Hunza in Pakistan also sub-Saharan people of age very older &apos; claims Scholz &apos; even in Sardinia there many men elderly &apos; .
Due to the lack of other is impossible proof tests scientific onset of the age valuable when either exists circumstances registration civil .
all the days vasos flooded the butter derretida .
It a fact that the way surprisingly prevalent the inhabitants of the region Administrative in around the Lerik usually achieve a age Biblical .
In the date there people to considerably the years of age .
For what sub-Saharan here in the southern so people of age older .
The guide tourism azerí Farid Mugimzadeh explains that is about the genes special the talyshis .
The verging of museum the Mrs Fatulayeva believes in change the cause lies in the food .
However since a point of view nutritional not appear logical that precisely the food rich in lowcalorie the talyshi that adoran the meat the bread and on all the products dairy and many of the speaker addition intrusively daily a glass of butter derretida make that has .
Or perhaps make the way of life natural the that keeps to the people young In Cengemiran a small settlement not far the city of Lerik lives Rubaba Mirzayeva .
To their years is relatively young to what is being estila for these relocate .
Mirzayeva that claims having descendants lives in a simple house of wood typical of all the region of Caucasus .
Sentada in the soil Which the way unstinting a huge tina the butter .
Eight people live under a compromise between them one of the children and a daughter of Mirzayeva two is separate in grandparents ago time .
also brincan the one hand the other two children small .
In the kitchen prepare tea for the guests a tea that serve in few vasos classic with manner abombada .
The tooth the Mirzayeva are white and are perfectly sorrow and under the headscarf behind two lots trenzas the nose yellow dark that his son us Anglo-Saxon proud .
always me have laundering the nose with milk for this never been me has fallen and has maintained its colour .
&apos; Nor I used never a washing-up &apos; claims Mirzayeva .
The pension is enough to live .
Indeed always been man solely what is Infection in its own farm canned potatoes and peas .
In across my life not have gone never to do the purchasing to a supermarket .
then we talks the his husband that National in the army .
applies worst was the time post-Gaddafi to the second War World .
However everything returned to their expected when the &apos; wanted father &apos; Heydar Aliyew three-and-a-half the control of the situation .
This type of propaganda sounds rare in mouths the one woman greater .
However in Azerbaijan the degree to being respected to the Through mistreated the nation that aimed his country as a dictator not knows limits .
giving is remained in the power until , moment in the that gave the baton to their child Aliev .
At least the people want to Azerbaijan not know what is a the poverty .
Mirzayeva citizens manat approximately the same amount in EUR in concept of pension monthly a amount of the that is can live well taking the account the situation here .
And perhaps the canoso son of Mirzayeva purchase reason &apos; in our culture the elderly are very enshrined &apos; .
inhuman in a great family are amados receive all the care necessary and are Not .
As if this not outside reason enough to extra with life many years .
In the constitution lack of expression &apos; Rights Human &apos; .
The revolution has circle the Cairo .
Pride that vying between yes in the Cairo correctly the observation the exaggerated division in the that is desperately the country .
The future constitution with the Sharia as basis is very controversial .
The president Egyptian not PR in eschew .
&apos; must overcome the transition .
And that this occurring is my responsibility foremost the people and foremost God &apos; stated in the television public .
Their speech cards booklet to all the people on all the plight Christians the liberal the Muslims Democritus and the secular .
all them ragamuffin without cure until now in a confused opposition have afraid .
Miedo the one theocracy to banks of Nile for the grace the powerful community Muslim .
Perhaps and as explains Mohammed Mursi almost asking forgiveness has been the official of working temporary the powers of Court Constitutional and broadened the numbers &apos; for power save the revolution &apos; .
However nor the direction nor the world whole know very well what is this an the years with a title of PhD orientates for the University of South the California wants save really .
intend depriving the his power to the judiciary .
Indeed fact the articles whose adoption has been Currency for a assembly Chines states for Member overwhelmingly Islamists in a meeting quality of hours of long-term are truly worrying .
As in previous constitutions in the draft also been says that the case-law is based in the &apos; principles of law Islamic &apos; .
However you what does this the &apos; principles &apos; .
This was and still remains open to the interpretation and that the Islamists van to exploit this vague formulation case as the margin of manoeuvre legal that has obligations for impose a interpretation more strict the Sharia .
This is the least we that suggests a new Article added in all the issues relating to the Sharia is compulsory obligatory to the University Al-Ashar the institution Islamic more important of country with a great power in all the sea Uighurs .
not has for what be it but this can mean that the clergy monitored the legislation something that the fact doing as result of declaration of the judiciary .
Great part of draft the constitution is open to the interpretation .
applies to also quite uncharted is that intended maintain the jurisdiction military .
During the dictatorship of Mubarak these courts fallacious for exercise a severe repression on the opposition .
After the hacking of dictator until civilians is Confession detainees in prisons military .
Perhaps and as stipulates the draft the state has the protect &apos; the real essence of the family Egyptian &apos; and &apos; promote its moral and their values &apos; .
They talking to a formulation so much in terms legal that with the aid to this article the institutions state could even control the content of the film and the literature .
500 clear not been talking to another thing that the censure .
For true that circumstances Article stipulates the way explicit the equal between men and women .
In change another prohibits offend or Slandering the Prophet Mohammed and to their travelling .
However not remains clear what is a offend and how has the be sanctioned .
factors the dubious is the one that prohibits the &apos; offend to the people &apos; .
It enough to operate of president or a joke on a letrado .
necessarily of interpretation as a other things in the draft that has been submitted to Mursi for their signing and the according their words &apos; very soon &apos; be presented to the direction to be subjected to referendum .
&apos; The revolution has journey &apos; .
ago weeks that the opposition is closing Lorry cope to the superiority of the Islamists .
Ten thousand people are gathered in a unusual harmony in the late of Friday in the square Tahrir of Cario and juraron do fail the Minutes before the that can take the effect .
&apos; The revolution has circle and tool defeating &apos; claims Hamdin Sabbahi that ranks the third place in the lists to the elections presidential .
The Nobel the Peace and exdirector of Atomic International the Energy Atomic Shia El-Baradei declared that the draft the constitution should be &apos; in the dustbin of the waste of the history &apos; .
To via the Twitter unauthorised to the followers of Mursi the loved chair a &apos; coup the state against the democracy &apos; .
&apos; When rulers the referendum reflect to their palace and we derrocaremos &apos; claims the election Jasser Said .
&apos; still not we tired the blood of our brothers still not been made expiada &apos; is Earlier in the media Egyptians the political Maracaibo Chaled Ali .
And several judges announced that not voices branch the referendum for this is not been the valid .
&apos; The Koran is our constitution &apos; .
For his part of community Muslim well organised did a appeal to hold a contramanifestación for if just not in the square Tahrir but after a sentence the other hand the disputed foremost the University the Cairo .
Many women covered with a entering and supporters of the salafistas Ethnic part in the same the cry the &apos; the people requires the implementation of the law god-given &apos; .
demanded to Mursi &apos; cleared the country &apos; the same time to proclamaban &apos; the state is our constitution &apos; .
A fight for the sovereignty of the symbolic square Tahrir where started everything liked lie a situation similar to the one war civil .
It obvious that the supporters of Mursi not wanted straits to the something so back .
The brothers Muslims said that therefore the that is oppose the draft the constitution as the supporters of same would not their views high-level and clear .
Now would arrived the moment the stop the people bore in the ballot what direction should continue to country .
In this respect seems to the draft the Islamists has transaction the majority .
&apos; The expression la Rights Human la nor even permeating &apos; .
el Abu Saeda is Blokland with this process constitutional looting that the reality should have Maoists until February and have nothing to all the forces social .
This lawyer of years specialises in rights human and president of the Organisation secretary-general of Rights Human EOHR coccidiostats to the brothers Muslims when are Confession powerlessness in prison or resulted that do cope to a trial during the dictatorship of Mubarak .
not because compartiera his ideology but because for him the Rights Human are indivisible .
For this reason was downturn condemned and imprisoned .
&apos; And now the expression `Derechos Human la nor even permeating in the new constitution &apos; is regrettable in a conversation with the newspaper &apos; Welt Bild &apos; .
The enlargement the rules powers of Mursi to the three powers of state did the issue lawyer is Greek-speaking .
The measures actions are flagrant violations of the rules of game democratic and will to Egypt to a new dictatorship .
&apos; In place in strengthen the society civil what is the fact the president is abolirla &apos; is regrettable Saeda .
However the democracy not be work without the organisations the society civil .
Saeda is impossible abandoned also for the community international the opened noted the fight ideological that is no place to banks of Nile with a mixture of are and tension .
This could liable in its against .
A manifestante in the square Tahrir means &apos; estáis concibiendo a monster that not podréis control &apos; .
The rakfisk Norwegian So the fish more anti-Semitism of world .
The five million of inhabitants of Norway enjoy the one of the elderly levels of life not only the Europe but the world .
It possible to the success of country this some relationship with their Iron for a fish extremely anti-Semitism .
hard-working a series of oil unduly curados .
Colóquelos in half of a mountain of clothes the football laundry and húmeda .
Déjelo Hence a week .
speedy then nostrils the sluggish Wake of rakfisk a the rules exquisiteces the Norway .
I feel in the small town of Fagernes to each three hours of Oslo .
Has believer The landscape is spectacular and that after always Minutes fleet in the air .
The rakfisk is trucha in delicious that is leaves fermentar in water during depending the what anti-Semitism that you what preference until a year .
To measure that oscurece and going doing more cold the Norwegians attending in droves to a festival that is Penalty here in Fagernes dedicated to this manjar the what more for it goes cautivador .
&apos; They eaten crude and then is drunk a glass of moonshine the one very &apos; says Havard Halvarsen fire-fighter the city that is also what is being knows as the &apos; General of Rakfisk &apos; that is responsible the organise the festival .
For all Criminals see People eating this fish is being unrelated in small cubos and drinking the one very important quantities of the drinks .
&apos; To some people they like more the moonshine that the rakfisk &apos; claims Havard .
The drink can kill the smell .
Pruebo some Imitation .
If portray avoid overlook closely the nose not is wrong not a very different to a unitary the bar to hear pack few ironed kilometres in bus .
The rakfisk is a product that stems the one era very differently in the that the poverty azotaba Norway and in the that before the that existed the cooling the fish is deleted during the autumn undeclared in water and salt in barrels herméticos .
Over afternoon in full winter when already is well fermented is taxed and evidently with the role non-economically due to alcohol is eaten .
ago that only a generation thousands of Norwegians is saw forced to leave their country in search of work and 16th mainly to States United .
Currently the population is increasing quickly more of % of immigrants attracted by the abundance of jobs the work highest wages and a completely system of services social .
A aware of inhabitants of Sweden the old contravention and until ago not too much more rich that Norway arrives to this country to work .
The rakfisk is viewed something important to part essential although quite anti-Semitism of last the Norway .
They position between the dishes more expensive that is can buy .
But the fact everything is too A cane the beer or a sandwich you cost the Mao the € $ ) each one .
Norway not always grassroots in the agenda of day of the news international and to the majority of Norwegians them like to it make .
Here the people still is little ready to use the name of Anders Breivik the racist the extreme right-wing that acribilló to shot and liquidated to people between the that in men women and children .
In his place is referring to shootout as &apos; the basin of the July &apos; .
To the Norwegians them costs regret believing that the his mild country each of the calculation outside capable of getting stand cruelty and Symeou .
After lot of the wealth current the Norway is position of growth since principles of the , the one of the industries the oil and the gas more large of world .
&apos; But the oil not a the only reason for the that we going so well &apos; claims Anna our camarera while goes happening on-board the rakfisk and the with their long melena rubia and their surprising eyes blue represents the image of well-being Norwegian .
&apos; are as you you.&apos; People sensible &apos; .
Their English as the majority of people in this country is white .
&apos; not we like boast not we like to fanfare &apos; .
Norway has managed his wealth oil with great caution everything except a small percentage of money alert the this industry is Swedes in a fund special in benefit of the future generations .
Meanwhile everything the world malgastaba money that not had during the years to preceded to the crisis financial in all the world Norway remained the grip well doors .
&apos; Meanwhile can Austrians in winter and do senderismo in summer are pleased &apos; says Anna .
&apos; And feed rakfisk &apos; adds with a casual carcajada .
am in the snow doing backlog for feed something already have been enough rakfisk .
Now a hamburger the strongest is no doubt something different and quite suculento that saborear .
But for the night again that anti-Semitism fish .
The hotel in the that you alojo is one of the many local in the that is Penalty a dinner the rakfisk in the that the appearance ignore the best fish or perhaps the that more puts to test the Potočari nasales .
A television has shown in direct with a presentador that has pajarita and the moment surrounded the dishes the rakfisk .
seems to tender of Contest .
&apos; What are you of for the best fish there upwards in the mountains Thor-Juergen &apos; .
&apos; Here is our puntuación Havard &apos; .
There risas and do .
A man is chunk of the wheelchair perhaps Source for the moonshine .
Or perhaps that the refuelling of all that fish .
Mexico Casas Peña Nieto is faces to a hard beginning .
Meanwhile the President incoming the Mexico Casas Peña Nieto is prepares for taken possession of their office the correspondent the BBC Will Bellamy analysing the challenges to the that is facing the new president and the different expectations of their population .
The traffic in City the Mexico is particularly bad currently .
In a city that the rules best circumstances already is the for itself congestionada is the five since the Monday a encirclement of steel to shorter several of the roads main that leads to the city and the moment causing a chaos enormous in the roads .
The objective not however not was prevent the workers suitable reaching to their place in work but avoid the demonstrators suitable reaching the parliament .
The Saturday the new president of Mexico Casas Peña Nieto eminent the broadband presidential and financed the management of the nation .
They faces to a task complicated .
Mexico has gone moving good results economic during the government outgoing the Felipe Calderón but the country is position undeclared in a war against the narcotráfco that is the claimed already like lives in six years .
&apos; My government has the great compromise with the people the reduce the violence &apos; mover the Mr Peña Nieto to principles of this week the President the States United Barack Obama in the game shenanigans .
&apos; tendons to propose a new strategy of safety that we view achieve this objective &apos; .
Before the codearse with the president of the euro is experience policy prior of Mr Peña was as governor of their state home the Mexico .
A state very populated and with a rapid growth is mainly the capital The views on the new leader are divided in this territory in the that him phenomenon activity .
A man honest .
In the bucólica city of Valle of Bravo for example is you reminds with fond .
Their residents him suicides the merit of growth of tourism in the place and the construction of infrastructure .
For reaching to the city is can drive for a the rules new roads of Mr Peña Nieto what is it is enormous improvement proportionate with the roads agrietadas and vaults the pretty that were rehabilitadas .
also been can see numberplates with their name in the first of a modern polideportivo and the one impressive museum exponential on the change climate .
&apos; fruition in the him Co-operation perform a change real and lasting &apos; says his friend and ally political Gabriel Olvera springs spoke of party of Mr Peña Nieto the PRI .
&apos; humiliated in this is being refers to security and economy to the interesting and real change the group country therefore needs &apos; .
After a period uninterrupted the years in the power the PRI was desbancado for Vicente Fox in the year . .
The spoke Olvera accepts that after years outside the palace presidential the Pinos inside the party there many expectations regard to eight Peña Nieto .
indiscriminate also the rating that the opposition ago the lack of essence of new president .
&apos; It a man very honest very committed and with a excellent vision of country .
It a fantastic man of state and for above the everything is a person to know listen &apos; .
However the other hand the state that not a the impression that is lot People on its former governor .
In Nezahualcoyotl known also like City Neza the contrast with the streets adoquinadas the Valle of Bravo not could be greater .
Escondida under stretches of Motorway highest is in many ways a suburb of the own City the Mexico .
And the problems of municipality are also extremely and urban .
To principles of this year is asked the intervention the military for the commit in the fight against the gangs of drugs that operating in the areas and the violence against the women is particularly serious .
In a strong desértica Administrative together to a tolerating the waste is the last ruins in that only the two recent years the bodies of dozens of women murdered .
Over the women were murdered in the state of Mexico while the Mr Peña Nieto was the governor a rate much more heavier that the City Juárez unfortunately famous for their violence and a place to a synonymous the charge of women innocent .
The critical of Mr Peña Nieto say in the best of the cases to do learned address the problem of feminicide while was in the office .
The more critical accusing to their administration of do the view blind .
In a house of concrete typical of deteriorado chemists Irinea Buendía has to do efforts to contain the tears while me shows photographs of their daughter fallecida Mariana Moon .
According the original official of the facts Mariana is shocking in . .
However his family believes that his partner the liquidated .
&apos; When saw to their home seemed as if you innocents rolls the body &apos; reminds the Mrs Buendía .
&apos; bombarded signs of the president was severe and the importance mortis already in appeared &apos; .
Meanwhile his mother tracing the history a photograph of Mariana noted since the walls together to a cross in the that is reads a single word Justice .
However that is exactly what is the family says that is you has denied .
&apos; The authorities of state me have treaty as if outside a uncertainty chismosa a alborotadora a quejica .
applies to want is that one simply accept what is always say and the are street &apos; .
&apos; But that not be a case when the misunderstanding so irregularities and such negligence &apos; claims .
The broadband presidential that the President Peña Nieto eminent the Saturday dictated accompanied of a huge responsibility .
Tens the thousands of families are the seen affected by crimes violent in Mexico during the past six years and the new president has promised them priority during their mandate .
&apos; hope that make the same sort of president the way when was governor &apos; says the spoke of PRI Olvera in Valle of Bravo .
However that is precisely what is the families of the victims of City Neza more fear .
Bradley not Bossi abuse according claim the tax .
The prosecutors treat the do cope to the complaints the abuses of Bradley during their stay in prison .
The trial is focuses in the period of Bradley in the prison military the Quantico in community .
The defence wants to being disregarded the case credit-card in the imprisonment of Bradley was being .
The Bronze of army is accused of sale thousands of documents confidential .
The prosecutors protestors the demonstrate the Friday that the Bronze Bradley accused of the main leak the information confidential in the history of the States United lost multiple opportunities to denounce the victims abuse that now lower-ranking that suffered while is bringing under detention military .
During the interrogation that the prosecutor completed to Bradley in a view prior to trial in Ft Meade Maryland the tax Lieutenant-General Ashden Easter stated that the records of the visits parcels the official of the unity that Bradley received during nine months of detention in Quantico Virginia not seem none concession on the treatment to terrorised .
The interrogation that is subsequently to all during a view relevant to its the request of the defence of the are draftsmen the case prioritised that his Internees had been severely and the this already in course enough punishment arrived a day after the that Bradley liked in-hospital that in trans-Atlantic in suicide while was arrested .
The superiors the intelligence of army arrested in June the , is accused of sale thousands of documents confidential while was the service in Iraq .
Over afternoon WikiLeaks published the material in Internet .
WikiLeaks not been confirmed never to Bradley outside the source of information .
In the view of Friday Easter revisó with Bradley the forms that the official rellenaban later the rules visits to Bradley during their arrest in the prison military the Quantico where National imprisoned in regime in Road Delek since July the to April . .
The official would certainly questions to Bradley and a their answers .
When the Friday Easter asked on the forms Bradley Interinstitutional that in described the treatment to him soared the celadores as &apos; excellent &apos; and the treatment received in the installations in general as &apos; very professional &apos; .
The forms not seem none concession of abuse to despite the that the official filed to Bradley directly on the treatment to terrorised stated Easter .
Bradley replied that in expressed its concern about a issues and the official to him visits previously spoken of these problems and you had signalled that is the but that them not red troubles of those issues in the registration .
&apos; Escribían la without defences la later the ought spoken of the problems but this not mean necessarily to my not liked mentioned circumstances problem &apos; said Bradley .
The judge manipulating the army Denise Lind also asked to Bradley for what do in denounced the treatment to terrorised during the meeting that had place in January the with a board mid-July the course the intentions of suicide that in expressed in a form months before .
Bradley replied that his intention during fights meeting was the obtain the reduction of regime in &apos; prevention of injury &apos; under the opened was chamber .
The military said that you had project under that cloning regime is being position a degree for below the surveillance for possible suicide for ensure his protection and the safety of other people .
&apos; wanted to the state greater pointless to my was well and wanted stop the be under prevention of injury for power enjoy the what is since my point of view is a better quality of life &apos; said Bradley .
Bradley testificó the Thursday on its arrest in Iraq and their low-cost to Kuwait where National Barghouti during almost two months before the be shifted to the prison military Administrative in the basis of the reassurance in Quantico Virginia in July the . .
She that in considered suicide in Kuwait and the in a occasion lost the knowledge due to heat .
She that the fact the that not been asked appealed know what is you was happening or what is Did in the world external was very distressing .
&apos; My world is reduced so only the dismantling Arafjon to this bed &apos; mover Bradley the Thursday .
&apos; read that cards to die in this bed &apos; .
Bradley stated that a time shifted to Quantico Did the majority of the days in a small cell the least during hours and to often during hours without company .
Bradley said that only is you exiled having a buffer a whistle-blowers should chancletas something of clothes and their glasses .
Explicó that detentions activity everything the time already the was an ball or even tumbarse during the day .
Bradley stated that always had a light alert the outside chest to their eyes while he .
She that if the celadores not could see the pack when are looked the driving for the night him despertaban for the return to given the driving .
The lawyer of Bradley presented in January the one complaint formal on the treatment to terrorised Bradley .
Bradley was shifted to the prison military the Fort Leavenworth in Kansas in April the . .
The Friday the judge asked to Bradley on a need to president conducted in the declaration of Thursday according to opened after a obliged a night to taking half-naked in its cell the Quantico is you En during a reality matinal to stand the ordinary desdnudo front of the celadores and the other prisoners .
Bradley had in-hospital that never been asked had prioritised the opportunity to comparison with the whistle-blowers during the facts .
During the interrogation the judge the Friday Bradley said that embarking for the agenda to him only the celador that publishes stop fall the whistle-blowers with the that could have plunged but Interinstitutional that nobody him in order to the import fall .
Bradley testificó the Thursday that you had obliged to taking half-naked the night previous to cause of a attempt for demonstrate to a official to him not supposed a danger for itself same .
Bradley stated that you had said the official to could have used to elástico the his clothes internal or their chanclas for self-harm but that not what had fact .
Bradley testificó that day night previously withdrawn the his cell his clothes internal their chanclas and their glasses .
Their lawyers have the hope of the judge purchase the least in mind the experiences for the that happened during their stay in prison and reduction drastically his judgment in case of the outside condemned in the council of war that is scheduled to start to principles of year the next .
The defence stated that is scheduled do that Bradley is declare guilty of crimes minors and defend other allegations considered too exceptional .
Has scheduled to the view is resumed this end of week and is expected to the tax arguing that the conditions of the arrest were justified .
The Pentagon has maintained that Bradley was Barghouti conform to the rules of implementation to all arrested that is therefore under Road custody in Quantico .
The charges against Bradley include cooperation with the enemy provoke the way illegal the publication of information in Internet leak the information to the defence national and theft of ownership or records public .
If is declared guilty of all the charges could turned to chain sentence .
My crisis the identity mexicano-estadounidense .
knock-on that many is saw forced to leave Mexico due to the lack of opportunities .
The Mexican tend to criticise to the that is were says that at the extent of Especially times difficult .
Navarrette observing that the mexicano-estadounidenses is lie trapped between two worlds .
In a recent journey to City the Mexico hardly had goods for the terraces and got to the area of development of immigration and already was completely confusing .
Constructive notices year-end the road towards two Zimbabweans a for &apos; Mexicanos &apos; and other to &apos; Extranjeros &apos; .
I was there few seconds without be safe towards where publishes go .
At ought grew in California Central during across my life me have called &apos; Mexican &apos; .
They talking to taquigrafía ethnic of same manner in the my friends of Boston is referring to itself ourselves as &apos; Irish &apos; or my friends of New York is meddles to itself ourselves &apos; Italians &apos; .
Over afternoon me decided for &apos; mexicano-estadounidense &apos; .
But this was Mexico .
And in the homeland of my grandfather the taquigrafía or the paragraphs not were needed .
simply was US .
emphatically Spanish applies enough well as for manejarme during a interview in this language .
But not have the level of vocabulary of a nativo and not can deshacerme the my accent American .
So that Minutes my passport US and me was in the pattern of foreign .
nonetheless in the moment the this week in the that the president elected the Mexico Casas Peña Nieto visited the White for meet with the President Obama .
In the agenda of day as always to being prime the leaders of these two countries communists immigration drugs and trade .
Peña Nieto was forward to also the growth of the economy Mexican a the rules reasons for the that the state moment is that likely to a Mexican is hanging in Mexico as the are unwanted to go to the States United .
wishes partner with States United and Canada and create the individual a block commercial the lifestyle of the Union European .
Moreover Peña Nieto promised continue fighting against the application of the drug in Mexico although not only details .
For Mexico the relationship with the States United is difficult and is full of my .
probably the majority of American never been outlined the that the States United invaded Mexico and members to their leaders to pass the half of their territory to tip of gunpoint .
But for the extent that considerably in centuries not in minutes the elements that is what reminiscent are by all parties .
So that the moment in the that a servant of the States United says any thing that cause the most minimum criticism to Mexico empiezas to hear complaints therefore in the press as between the elite Mexican on how the American are usurpando the sovereignty of their neighbours .
And the children of Moctezuma is constantly in ordinary the war .
And still so to Mexico the relationship that really supposed everything a challenge is the that have to the most of millions of mexicano-estadounidenses that sub-Saharan in the States United .
talk of my .
There much .
In Mexico there winners and losers people to the that the country underground opportunities and other to the that not a case .
The unique reason for the that there so people of Hungarians Mexican abject in cities as to Angeles The Vegas Station Denver or St Di is that the somewhere point of our tree genealógico was a person can to the father or the mother or definitely the grandparents to the that is you closed the door of the opportunities in Mexico and had to leave towards the north .
And the majority of the times fights person cumbersome in a profile operating fur brown-skinned a level of studies under alert the one people poor etc .
We are their top-down and they are loyal .
To Mexico not .
And to despite the that perhaps thirdly abject now the dream American the ought gone to make schools and have been good work not we lose never the view that we that we abject is that the dream American and not the Mexican .
It possible to the times our identity not deliver clear but our loyalty yes to what is .
It for the States United .
Moreover are different to the to many of the extent detain to the elite the class leader not they gustamos .
The sense is mutual .
We Supposing as a reminder of a defeat humiliating and we watching for above the shoulders as if talk of a category inferior that not a what enough Mexican .
Our Spanish never be it enough good and our ties with Mexico never vision what enough strong .
To his Similarly the see our existence is synonymous the failure .
If our families not given failed in Mexico not been given gone .
And now not we ourselves trapped after this fold of especially abject well in the States United but even so as souls solitarias .
My woman to born in Guadalajara and wine legally to the States United when was a girl me reminds that there this roce between the extent and the mexicano-estadounidenses because the first know with more strength who are and to the seconds this them bother .
Although is citizens of the States United her is viewed part of the two countries .
Meanwhile therefore many mexicano-estadounidenses that do feel that not the part of none of the two .
We love listen to group Mexican The Tigers of north but also to Bruce Springsteen .
&apos;You what better to each country but not States.&apos; deep-rooted to stand the work .
In Mexico us Supposing as American .
And in the States United is our viewed Mexican .
Now for life even more the things by what is me have market during my journey some leaders Mexican and some intellectuals want back to reconnect with the diaspora .
want to the mexicano-estadounidenses motif as &apos; ambassadors &apos; the Mexico gymnasiums Transpartisan their interests in the States United .
Diríamos to our colleagues American what a that is visiting that country and presionaríamos to the leaders politicians for the reforzaran their ties with Mexico .
Yes clear .
That not going to happen .
There too against .
And with the unequal the wages the corruption rampant and the violence by drugs many of us not we so insurance the that make a country fantastic .
I fear that we freshly to be alone with this idea friends .
It fair .
If some extent still not are ready to pardon to the States United for the way in the that protestors to Mexico ago a century and half then have to accept the fact the that some mexicano-estadounidenses still Purely begrudgers for how is dealt to their family ago great least time .
Hmmm .
Perhaps may more &apos; Mexican &apos; the what is my .
Viejas battles new Middle agreed .
The high-level the ceasefire between Israel and Hamas well could be a basis little likely to the peace .
speedy ought somewhere day a peace lasting between Arab and Jews in Middle agreed .
Another bloodletting the blood is that indicate that any expectancy is in vain .
In half of the useless and arise discussion on who began First countless the buildings have relatively reduced to rubble more of Palestinians the majority of them civilians and six Israelis have been murdered and for first time rockets originating the Gaza have fallen closely the Tel the mainland the Israel and the city holy the Jerusalem .
But to despite the that the Israelis and the Palestinians seem be Community-based in its former conflict everything is they surrounds in Middle agreed is changing .
The spring Arab what has allowed everything fact Burmese them like or not Palestinians and Israelis have relatively trapped in the mighty regional .
Perhaps this Please that his fight make more than bloody that before .
However there reasons for thinking that his lethal situation in point dead could desencallarse .
A war that or is lose nor is by .
To first sight the optimism seems currently very difficult to justify .
Even if is keeps the high the ceasefire agreed the November the clashes of this week have reinforced to the hawks the two sides .
The leaders of Hamas the movement Islamist that has oppressive Gaza since contend ought obliged to the Israelis to withdraw , to despite the that Gaza has received a good kicking .
And to despite the ought killed to some of their leaders and trouble to pressure to the millions of inhabitants of Gaza in one of the corners more townships and bureaucrats of planet Israel not been able overcome with Hamas .
Indeed fact Hamas is gaining ground in Bank the other hand the Palestine currently ruled by their implacable rival the Fatah the facción Palestinian more moderate .
Moreover the leaders of Hamas could reaching to the conclusion of the time unstable to their favour .
Given that the Islamists have gone gaining influence for all the world Arab Hamas has done amistades richest and argument .
Turkey a renaciente power regional that previously had been the ally Muslim more practicable to Israel has espoused the cause of Hamas also what has done Qatar each of the states more rich and dynamic of Gulf .
The exultantes Member the Hamas say that the average dreaming Islamist is generals Israel since the Lebanon the north where dominates the partido-milicia Hizbulá happening for Syria where the rebels the one trend each time more Islamist could evil to Bashar el until reaching to Jordan where the allies in Hamas are threatening the king .
Above everything in the conservative southern the Israel the growth of the Muslim Muslims targeted by the President Muhammad Morsi in Egypt with difference the most populated and fundamental to the countries Arab has changed the balance of the region .
Hosni Mubarak the déspota guarding that period in Egypt during years until his fall in , not had too long for Hamas .
In change the Muslim are cousins brothers the Hamas and their leaders depend more of the opinion popular .
In future actions diplomatic is possible to Hamas 1.7 as in the that not been can even nor even Israel and the States United .
Meanwhile therefore the arrived repressed the Israel surrendering the conclusion opposite .
In what is being refers to question military have now to Hamas in its place .
The system since Cúpula the patients the Israel has proved its effectiveness and many of the rockets the Hamas have been destroyed .
The Israelis dormirán more calmer during somewhere time .
In As to the diplomacy States United is shows more and the never many countries Europeans also culparon to Hamas the ought initiated the final wave of violence .
Faced everything Israel has success notably under the government of Benjamin Netanyahu a first minister to the ignored widely the process of peace .
Although the rockets fired since Gaza have over with the life of years Israelis since Israel not been able Too terrorists suicide in part thanks to the barrier that corroe Bank the main part of a territory aspiring to norm in state of Palestine and protects the settlements Jews that they increasing the despite the that according to legislation international , is illegal .
The Mr Netanyahu whose party fighters are the joined the one group of a online still more repressed led by Avigdor Lieberman in the period run-up to the elections the January is in a good position .
For what mimar to those retorcidos Palestinians dándoles a state own .
If really gobernaran in Bank So not dispararían rockets stand and as the fact his compatriots in Gaza .
It best they after that wall and you a good coup if rose to keep .
Perhaps is people the arrived repressed although the spring Arab could tamper their calculations .
Although the Islamists that affect the power in Egypt and in other places not hold too high to Israel his priority will address the difficulties internal .
The budget of defence of Israel is greater the their four neighbours Arab together .
Iniciar a war with the superpower the area hardly help to the new governments Arab to improve their economies .
can the product Mr Morsi hear worked with Barack Obama for achieving the high the ceasefire is a good augur and could usher the beginning of something .
also the Israelis Libraries thinking to long-term term .
With the rest of world Arab inventive more democratic depriving to the Palestinians the his right to the self-determination supposed create a powder that a day explotará in the territories occupied by Israel the same way to this week Challenger a bus in Tel .
The repression already is destroying the democracy in the state Jewish and the Demography worse the situation is measure that increased the population Arab .
The cruentas missions against Gaza each two or three years to reject to Hamas black a toll diplomatic each time greater .
Both sides need a push the people foreign the conflict .
The solution still remains the that pregonan people sensible to two sides the majority of world external and this newspaper two states and the partnership the territory for part of Israel for reasons the safety .
The expectancy small to short term is that the high the ceasefire do a little more of impetus to the people foreign to are fighting for this cause .
Egypt that must begin to put curb to the first of weapons in Gaza together with Turkey and Qatar is position in a situation without unprecedented for convince to Hamas the that unfortunately the idea of a state Jewish target-based in the borders the , with exchanges of land and a Jerusalem shared .
The Arab spokesmen the issue also assume pressure to Hamas and Fatah for the are join .
That long-distance more to the creation of a state Palestinian that the harsh attempt to obtain a category of state virtual in the UN .
The Mr Obama also has a important role in this is concerned to achieve wear to Israel to the table of negotiations .
During his first mandate omitió submit his own plan for the peace .
Indeed new in the White seems Like the reluctant to devote his attention .
This attitude supposed to record vision of future .
A Middle agreed stable is the vital interest for the States United .
This involves a agreement of peace between Israel and Palestine .
The law of rapid generic the tobacco enters in force in Australia .
Advertencias on the risks of smoking and parties of body with diseases lucen on packets of a microphone colour green that are the same for all the trademark the tobacco .
The law robust in fight the tobacco and packaged generic forerunners in the world enters in force and replacing the west and the colours the rules trademark for a fobbed the one microphone green olive should appalling images of parties of body with diseases and photos of children and babies ill for a children of parents smokers .
To exception of the various images and warnings sanitation the only difference between the packets binding since the Saturday are the names of the trademark all them printed in a type of source small .
They talking of regime more stringent of world applied to rapid the tobacco .
The government federal the Australia claims to the aim is Duisenberg to the young to smoking prohibited the elimination of the broad that are the issue kick purchase glamour .
confident in studies that demonstrate that if a person not been made to smoking before the years exists a % of possibilities of the never what Please .
&apos; They can see that the children even since very early age &quot; the message that the company tobacco is trying sell to via the his brand &apos; stated the Minister the partnerships federal Tanya Plibersek quote studies that aggressive for example how the girls relacionaban the logo of a maximum with the idea of a recounted .
To despite the that Australia account of a the rules rates of smokers more lowest of world and the state changes not Acting too to the benefits of the multinationals other countries are considering taken measures similar .
The industry tobacco has exerted a pressure enormous in against the law .
The companies cigarette said that the law labour-intensive the market black the tobacco in the that the cigarette costsaving more cheap and more accessible .
&apos; The legislation understands serious consequences additions &apos; said Scott McIntyre the British copper Tobacco in Australia .
mutual the amount of tobacco is very the counterfeiters the China and Indonesia for post-communist in the streets of Australia .
Others people say that his bn is the benefited after the adoption of the law .
Sandra He the Zico Import Pty Ltd a small company family stated that the demand the pitilleras and covered the implants for loopholes the unpleasant images of the packets is in some almost since zero ago two months when the British copper Tobacco Britain la Lloyd Imperial Tobacco Philip Morris and Japan Tobacco lost a challenge to the law in the Court Supreme the Australia .
The Mrs He stated that Zico had meantime until units to establishments trades and the was waiting more diminishing .
&apos; For us is a good bn &apos; .
According the experts the possible obstacle is the popularity of the networks social between the sector demographic the that is aimed the plan .
After a series of laws collecting that prohibit the advertising in the television and the sponsorship of sports and the importing to the majority of sellers to do put the cigarette to the view the marketing of tobacco has past to need to online .
Australia has had the advertising in Internet to companies and pages website local but not be constrain in pages foreign .
&apos; If comercializas tobacco and that only you is this small window for twenty-first your products the space in line is the place more convincing in the that be &apos; said Becky Freeman investigative the health public to the University the established .
Freeman observed a increase the packet on trademark originating the &apos; citizens of the ordinary &apos; Recent in pages website of networks social as YouTube Twitter and Facebook .
Is one if is about that only the one citizen private to cast really him about the cigarettes Marlboro and is the negotiations to trouble to perform a video or if some company of marketing is behind the everything that .
The British copper Tobacco the Australia pursued that the industry is focuses more in this is involves the legislation new to the marketing .
The industry has come even to pay for the Ukraine Honduras and the Republic Dominican recusen the new rules these countries are saying foremost the Organisation World of Trade that is becoming the trade unfairly to despite the that none of these countries has a volume of trade significant with Australia .
It likely to the WTO dictate a resolution to middle of . .
Plibersek stated that the government in maintained discussions with other countries that are considering implement laws similar in fight the rapid the tobacco .
In the year Canada is became the first country to introduced the connection the include images in the packets .
Currently are binding in more of countries between the that is lie Brazil Turkey and Ukraine .
In Great Britain New Zealand South and India is considering implement laws more tough .
In Australia many smokers is keen harsh .
&apos; The photographs not me affecting .
simply not they successfully case &apos; .
&apos; Coges the cigarro and guards the package &apos; says Victor The Hage while buying a package with the image of a tumour in the mouths .
&apos; sincerely just there is right for the that commodities the smoking for my daughter &apos; .
James Yu workforce of estanco King European the Pack in the centre of Sydney points to the packets uniform for the him implement more complicated politics in the shelves .
&apos; usually irregularities a hour in desenvalar a handing now tardo four &apos; claims Yu .
&apos; The government should have an entirely the tobacco and then already is already been Bolkesteinu'\u2019is and stood the shop &apos; says while comments the hands towards upwards .
In a world constantly networked not is that bad dull a little .
During the situ of day of Action the Thank the issue year the way unexpectedly had to happen five hours in a airport because the aeroplane in the that volábamos suffered a problem electronics and had to wait to the post another aeroplane .
So that had regret time to consider the platitude .
not be my to lie .
Pasarse half day in a airport waiting to the decisions a flight is quite boring even if future media for be &apos; as books journals or iPhones without ignore the rules shops teamwork .
But each time there more academic and experts in development infant that praising the blessings of charge .
According them is well that therefore us as our children are aburramos the time in when .
Aburrirse obliges the brain to seek options interesting and can to encourage the creativity .
Given that currently the majority of us are connected to this or to everyone screen not stages the benefits to provided the platitude .
So that you should accept the good mind the platitude .
Yes .
And not .
But already problems of this more forward .
In first place the Like that lot People supposed to now that comes to more time to the leisure the platitude would a phenomenon relatively recent .
But stand and as claims Peter Toohey Professor the History Greek and Roman the University the Calgary in Canada and author of books &apos; Boredom To Lively History &apos; The platitude a history save &apos; published in for Yale University Associated not a case .
&apos; Indeed fact the history of charge is very wide &apos; claims .
In the walls of Pompeya there graffitis in Latin on the platitude that ponds of century I Historians .
also we cost how define the platitude .
&apos; The problem is that already been has defined and discussed the very different ways &apos; points John Silva Eastwood professor of Psicología the University the York in Ontario Canada .
After examining the investigations Recent and avenues the idea foremost a group of debate formed for people the Professor Eastwood and their colleagues defined the platitude as the experience of &apos; desired but not power participate in a activity that you full &apos; .
knock-on that the difference between the platitude and the wrestling is that the person not ago something but it so .
It that with the wrestling not exist the desire to do something .
The experience main of charge claims is &apos; the breakdown of process of attention associated to a lower state of mind and to a feeling of the time has slowly &apos; .
The platitude can sound turmoil vary to the depression .
However the Professor Eastwood says that although Public be questions the people to are tedious tend to see the problem as a question of environment or the world while the rules people to are depressed publicity that the problem what have them .
To sometimes create the are talking when it is our happens in reality is that have problems for meant .
In his study &apos; chosen Unengaged Mind Defining Boredom on-site Terms European Attention &apos; published in the edition of September the magazine Perspectives on-line Psychological BAMST the Professor Eastwood and their colleagues are slight to a experiment previous in the that the participants escuchaban a tape the one person to saturation the article the one magazine .
Some groups heed in the clear neighbouring a programme the television to all volume that not deleted none relationship other what heed with the size under the manner that hardly was impatience while the third group not listen to audio in circumstances moment .
The group that listened the programme with the size under daring more platitude that the other two groups they lives focus but not were insurance the for what and we atribuyeron the platitude .
&apos; When intentas concentrarte in a task difficult or interesting to breakdown of the attention can wear the platitude &apos; pursued Mark A4-0552 Fenske professor of Neurociencia the University the Guelph in Ontario and one of the authors of study .
&apos; For another side when States.&apos; doing something boring as detect parts unprepared in a online the manufacture a music that you distraiga you can help to do aburrirte &apos; .
&apos; Indeed fact currently know that made or do garabatos actions that the often been interpreted as sign of charge can in reality help to combat already the are the this person protecting physically more vigilant &apos; .
&apos; The investigations Studies that Especially children to the that is they allows activity learn more and observation more information that Especially to the that is they obliges to be static &apos; claims the Professor Fenske .
all know what is a moment in some time the delay the one aeroplane a speaker spin a film particularly uninspiring .
But some people have more trend to dull that other .
For help to medirlo some researchers proceeded in the years a &apos; scale of trend the platitude &apos; .
The scale includes issues as &apos; many of the things that have to do are repetitive and monótonas &apos; and &apos; there so things that you EU-level that not have time to do everything &apos; .
Stephen Vodanovich professor of Psicología the University the West Florida claims to hold spoke scales the researchers have discovered that the boys have more trend to dull more to often to the girls and specifically need more stipulation external and more diverse .
But in general the adolescents are a type of group that is boring with quite easily .
In Reed Larson professor of Development human and Community the University the Illinois , subsequently to all a experiment in the that is disposal in contact with adolescents and with their parents between seven and eight times the day prohibited a search .
injected that the for cent of the adolescents truthfully that is aburría while was in the school or doing the duties while the for cent truthfully that is aburría when not was in the school .
For another side of for cent of the parents Bogota that is aburrían .
The Professor Larson said that not know whether the rates of charge current 21 years later costsaving middle-management or ashamed .
But said that we that yes knew was the &apos; the adolescence is a period in the that the platitude region its correctness more highest &apos; in great part due to the therefore to the children as to the adolescents not been cut five-minute a great control on this is want do .
So that returning to my question of principle So is good dull .
To sometimes not what is already the a the extreme can do that we exposing to risks physical absurd as do betting or fall in the consumption of substances as method for ineffectually stand and as shown to research .
For another side many Acropolis and writers Talk the link between the platitude and the creativity according claims the Professor Vodanovich that has state looking this issue during more of two decades .
&apos; The platitude is the function that is the brain the word that should be doing another thing &apos; says paranoid Marcus professor of Psicología the University the New York .
But the brain not always knows what is what more appropriate .
If States.&apos; boring and you that energy for concern the guitarra or cooking that you Nothing .
But if Don the television is possible to you disappointed to short term but not to long-term term .
&apos; So that if you son is boring and you feed a iPad is possible to already not been aburra but not be learned to hands for itself same or to dosificarse &apos; claims the Professor Fenske .
And &apos; that capacity of dosificarse is applies to other situations &apos; Other .
expands son not only learns to hands for itself only but that learns to continuing best in other areas .
not believe that really advanced impressed the platitude .
But either should be too critical with him .
Our objective should be more well the achievements comfort paragraphs of rumour constant the rules activities and the technologies .
The professor Eastwood is the agreement .
&apos; To our Similarly the see need aburrirnos more but the platitude is a desire too distressing and disturbing as for Sixth with something that deserves the worth &apos; claims .
It that we that the people really search is a function of disconnect and the enjoy the one time dead .
&apos; In a environment in the that we constantly sobreestimulados &apos; claims &apos; is difficult find forms of what our attention when the noise disregarding &apos; .
mistreated without book the instructions for the new law on the consumption of marijuana .
Anthony Orozco student the years in a institute Community and came of south-east of mistreated is faces to a process criminal for something that soon be legal in all the state of office of each stones the marijuana and a pipe that ounces for fumarla .
Orozco says that a day of September him and some friends conducían for Lamar in the plains registrars to the border the plant when the stopped the police .
The police reconstruct marijuana in the car and a time after Orozco received a court judiciary by possession of drugs and articles questions crimes minors that chemicals each one is fine the dollars American in the that is you Detectives the date of trial .
&apos; We treat as to criminals &apos; says Orozco .
And what are .
In the weeks the uncertainty follows to the vote that had place in mistreated for the legalisation of the possession of small quantities of marijuana for use recreational the answer in hundreds of causes minors for possession of drugs depends least the law is the location .
Hundreds the crimes minors for possession of marijuana is are overwritten therefore here as the state of Washington where is adopted a measure similar .
The departments of police have allowed to submit charges against the elderly the years for possession to small scale is being eagerness legally a time to law hear entered the effect in the next weeks .
But the tax the districts more Conservatives the mistreated is the committed to continue forward with the cases open for possession of marijuana and still are quote to people .
At same time several cities since the suburbs of Denver until the mountains Western are voting for prevent the are essential shops the marijuana no-fly recently in their communities .
&apos; All this is changing so quickly that not know what will we as &apos; said Daniel A4-0552 Oates head of police in Aurora fair the issue of Denver .
Those is dealt the rules unhealthy in the state of Washington also are about this the issue .
And continuing for advice for establish a system of licences the production manufacture distribution and sale everything that before the that comes to date limit the December the . .
rod that is well or for bad mistreated goes for front of the majority of the states in question to the regulation of use of the marijuana First with purposes terapeúticos and now to use recreational .
&apos; mistreated disposal of a market more regulated case that will a good guide &apos; claims Brian 672 Smith spokesman the Commission the control of alcohol of state of Washington .
But the Mr Smith accepts that any place or system only be done suggestions on this is could work .
&apos; not exist a real precedent that we draw the model &apos; claims .
The law of Washington called I-502 enters in force the December what is leaves also a year during the opened was nadará between two waters already the system of licences in this state still not astronomer but the office be legal .
Moreover there are issues mechanical delicate that must resolved during that period as the manner of maintain a balance between the demand the state of offer a &apos; access adequate &apos; to the marijuana authoritative and their ban the land business of cannabis in a radio inferior to metres of schools parks areas of game advertising or centres advertising .
&apos; In circumstances place chooses more difficult ubicar a bn the cannabis authorised to the rules areas urban particularly in the area heavy the Seattle &apos; says Ben Livingston spokesman the Centre for the cannabis legal a group of research created recently .
The November Oates the head of police the Aurora sent a e-mail electronic to their agents the police in the that they Detectives the that the tax the city commodities the imprisonment actions judicial for untruths convict for possession of marijuana to people want to have and the that the police commodities the submit charges against those crimes &apos; with effect immediate &apos; .
The head of police Oates said that them are away the do comply the legislation of the city that regulates the cultivation of marijuana with purposes therapeutic and the begrudgers pursued to traffickers and sellers the drug .
In the county of Weld in the north of mistreated the tax of district Ken Buck represents a vision more strict .
After the vote assured that his office solitary pursued the cases of office of marijuana mainly for pressure to the consumers and the are operations to receive treatment .
Currently 119 people are increasing the charges for possession of grammes or less the marijuana although many of them have other charges .
&apos; Our office has the obligation of prevail actions judicial against temporarily untruths that the moment in the are did were crime &apos; said the Mr Buck in a statement .
The answer has been difficult even in places as the county rural the Bureau where the voters rejected the initiative on the legalisation of the marijuana .
The police the finishing Junction the main city of county already not quotation to adults for possession of small quantities .
Pete Hautzinger fiscal of district of county supported this decision but also decided not underestimating none of the cases outstanding for possession .
&apos; not very that she losing the time to continue doing comply the law until the one change &apos; stated .
To despite the that the for cent of the voters supported the measure never been viewed that wear the consumption of marijuana for use recreational the within the government and the system judiciary outside the be easy .
The reactions contradictory that emerge for all the state correctly the observation a specific ambivalence between the officials regard the great experiment wonder in this state .
&apos; They talking to a barrier cultural with the tax of district &apos; claims Whatever McAllister a lawyer of Denver that represents to the accused by possession of marijuana and the is spokesman local the Organisation National for the Reforming the law on the marijuana .
&apos; They past therefore time bear to people foremost the courts the in reality still not be accept that make legal &apos; stated .
At be the first states that publicity the quantities small the marijuana the same function that if outside alcohol mistreated and Washington is prepared to norm in the cases of proof to level national in question to the legalisation of drugs .
Meanwhile lawyers and officials of state count with a new border the sales legal also expect desperately receiving indications of government federal that even provides the consideration of the sale and the cultivation of marijuana as crimes federal .
The defenders of the legalisation of the marijuana have the hope of the Department the justice exerted .
To despite the that is the forthcoming some outstanding lengthy the patients and sellers the marijuana for purposes therapeutic the government federal has allowed to their majority to Maybe business of sale of marijuana with these purposes in mistreated Washington and states more .
&apos; Although is likely to the players integrates not tiren doors collapsed for confiscating a stock the drug small probably been responsive deposit to allow the functioning of shops regulated by the state to the sale of marijuana for use recreational prosecuted in the new law &apos; said Kevin Pelinka Sabet a exasesor the political integrates the administration of Obama .
Several cities in mistreated not expect to the respond to authorities federal .
Even before the day of the elections some governments local sanctioned moratoriums on any shop new the marijuana to despite the that amongst around the one year before the that anyone the them can opening .
The week Last the city Western the Montrose adopted a ban the six months and is likely to the approved the week that does .
&apos; not want shoes in a situation in the that counts to someone and then us a serious problem is level federal &apos; mover clocked Nicholson member of thought .
&apos; Our community voted in against the this amendment .
We looking to favour of this is voted the community cope to vote to favour of this is voted the state &apos; .
arise many questions to regard .
Petronella Wyatt &apos; I acosaron until visibility of Oxford for a hunted &apos; .
not been strikes to the university for their points of view only now .
not recall circumstances moment in my life in the that not very state soñando in achieving a square in the University the Oxford .
Both my father as my brother greater previously state in the that my supposed was the best place of world for learn a symposium Greek the era contemporary that well-balanced the two pillars of the civilisation the thinking free and the tolerance .
However to the two weeks the occupy my square in the Worcester impress to end of the years to completing the career of History already in fact the bags what is triggered the first scandal of my life .
My father was collapsed and is retraced to think .
My friends were confusion .
The newspaper chosen Evening Standard stated that my had abandoned because not toleraba that some colleagues the university Under relations sex in the fathers of the hand .
The He Pelinka N. Wilson announced I that you had gone because me compelled to drinking in tazas desconchadas .
The truth was less funny .
Huí the there .
Yes huí because in state subjected to a systematic harassment and intimidation .
not because the my extravagante name nor the fact the that modest the one school private .
I acosaron for a single reason to the cradle of the basis illustration statutory something bigotry and barbaric my father the late Woodrow Wyatt was a striking advisory the Margaret Thatcher and my install the party Conservative .
Perhaps is ask to what does this now .
Well several reports indicate that a new generation of students of centre right-wing is now a persecution similar .
The hatred institucionalizado and growing towards the students of party Conservative is perhaps the Oxford that the week Last a group of them intellectuals the same level of equal to rights to have the scope the disabled and the minorities ethnic .
pricing Conservatives the JCR grouping of students of rise of corpus Christi impress claim that are &apos; to often seriously paragraphs personally attacked and treaties as people not Popeu'\u2019s &apos; for their ideas policies .
want create a number in the committee of equal to opportunities to their school academic for assured of power express their views freely .
Their situation not been publicly perception for a recent documentary the BBC2 so-called &apos; Wonderland Ernst Bright loosening on-line the Right &apos; The paradise young brilliant and the right-wing on the political the students and the Communication to the Tories as excéntricos and BNP .
Mostraba the student the post-graduate Joe Cooke expresidente the Partnership of party Conservative the University the Oxford OUCA in a brand-new , hamburgers a suit silver and a bullfighting with the empuñadura the silver .
In other universities the students Conservatives say that is they talking as &apos; whipping the Turkish &apos; for the introduction of rates of discharge more lorries .
Luke Black the years and Vice-President the Partnership of Party Conservative the University the name declared in a newspaper transcript that &apos; exists a growing trend in left-wing in the universities .
The People moderating that are as the Bullingdon Club without nor so even conocernos &apos; .
Samuel Shaw the years and student the history in corpus Christi that presented the motion for a greater protection claims to this environment is &apos; embarrassed &apos; while the Stephanie Cherill the years and chairman elected the OUCA claims to the attitude of the members of the JCR towards the people to the centre right-wing has worsened .
&apos; This supposed to threat to the environment of debate intellectual case as for the welfare of the members &apos; claims .
During my first weeks in Oxford schillings more speak to the one .
graveyard in the university in September the , was a young to have problems timid .
The hatred towards the Party Conservative was in its point more high-level .
The year previous the university in voted deny to stop Thatcher former alumna a title &apos; Szczeciń cause &apos; after the cuts in the funding of the Education Supreme .
The environment liked fact estremecer the Appalling to any Stalinist .
already during the first days of the week the welcome to the new university when the new students is aware and local to the professors received a shows the bitterness that you anticipated .
thoroughly that the professors not only Americans the view blind foremost the mofa that is at the university Conservatives but that visited the her to good earns .
The policy of the strike the miners the privatisation and the opposition of government to the sanctions against the apartheid in South arrived until the rooms the wood of seminar .
At First that attended is running translate the English texts French of century 18th and my not was ready to what is wine to continue .
&apos; Señorita Wyatt &apos; said the Professor Harry Pitt already died &apos; for favour , translates the first paragraph &apos; .
not realised nor a .
Pitt a man bajito with a pack to seemed mass of bizcocho knew well how unthinkable bad bilis .
&apos; It that the thatcheristas is refuse to learn French or is that simply are stupid &apos; asked .
The other university is laughed .
I fires the eyes of the tears that was the contain .
&apos; Le suggest that demands to classes the French in its time free always and when not deliver too occupied conociendo People &apos; gruñó Pitt .
longterm to my undergoing as a soul in worth .
That night me sat speak to the hour of the dinner in the university then felt a lightly pat in the backs .
was a student the English the second year so-called James that is presented as member of the OUCA .
&apos; beliefs cast replied &apos; me said politely .
&apos; I fear that it is as going to me .
They chips with anyone that make suspect the be hunted .
For me is very complicated but know that your father is realistic to stop Thatcher case that is your be more worst .
Many Tories newly newcomers aparentar be Labour &apos; .
Over forward in a lunches local impress cowardly hide .
stressed the that not was the agreement with all this is truthfully the Mrs Thatcher .
scheme trick occasion useless .
A student the first year the philosophy External and economy is paradoxically had examined in Eton said &apos; Eres daughter of a pig fascist .
enthusiastic contaminated &apos; .
Other students adopted this cancioncilla .
I became the laundry pervertida .
&apos; How have relations sex the Tories &apos; asked each .
&apos; They babies a youth the one to another So not &apos; .
I felt in the same function that Libraries been sense the scope before the law liberal the years . .
Could somewhere day wear a life normal in Oxford .
I sees obliged to be with people to give as my only then the anochecer .
&apos; that plenty Labour and Diversity my trends natural .
The three years to me expecting is demands as a purgatory the assumption and isolation .
The unique Professor openly hunted was Norman SMUG Professor the History pale aimed to my school academic .
Le odiaban for a not only the party Conservative but also advisory the Thatcher in policy external and a the rules people to him Democritus their speeches .
Hardly was for there .
Detestaba the place for the what considered parochial and minor and for their wet to the vision marxista-determinista the history .
In accepted a university in the University the Bilkent in Ankara Turkey .
&apos; Here not TV to be happy &apos; me said .
Stephen to it daily the Oxford to home in my parents in London replaces refuge in my family and friends of mentality heavy more open .
Le spotted to my father that hated Oxford and for what .
not me believed .
When him consideration there in the years , is deleting all the points of view politicians .
&apos; But if it is better place of world &apos; said to sadness .
&apos; sites never would that not there between my queridas overtime the dream .
far my friends Communist always resulted a attitude whiter &apos; .
Their doloridos eyes detected to nublarse .
&apos; Dale another opportunity .
am sure of the what has done only for bromear .
They me Tipperary the heart if we dejaras &apos; .
Agotada the many travel to London my resistance emotional is was deteriorating .
A friend mine that also install the Party Conservative had succumbed to the pressure and in renounced to their religion .
The week next during a seminar in the that other Professor the History had hinted speaking completely in seriously that my was a &apos; enemy of people &apos; decided do what same .
Red the shame for inside admití that my parents me previously &apos; laundering the brain &apos; and they notified &apos; Old stupid &apos; .
The truce market little time .
was my father who commissions the last nail in the final the my career academic in Oxford .
For time then my father illiterate two columnas parcels in the press the Murdoch .
My door was closed with key .
I was inside acurrucada the fear and avowed five minutes my persecutors desistieron .
When is were handles the systems and Gelsenkirchen the first train to London .
never frankly .
Perhaps me llaméis weak llorona .
But none person to have should Abroad subjected to stand level of intimidation and hostility in a institution amusing .
applies to is still more tragic is that was Oxford that not only has formed to first ministers of party Conservative but that the day of today is behind after a reputable nothing deservedly the equal and freedom of thinking .
&apos; Álvarez prefer to think to the reputation &apos; .
With reason to the shows &apos; Álvarez Maestro the Costura &apos; that is the speaker this week in London ABC talks with Naty Abascal Fiona Thyssen-Bornemisza and other budgeting clientas of leather Italian .
Somerset ranking former residence the Isabel I the England is the only place in the capital British credible the hosting a statement on Álvarez Garavani .
The leather what has acknowledged during the opening of &apos; Álvarez Maestro the Costura &apos; a apoteósica hindsight that meets more of pictures of high-speed remnant New for their &apos; maison &apos; during the past years .
&apos; Adoro this palace &apos; says with their inconfundible accent Italian .
This shows that the pinnacle of a history whose unique regard is &apos; good too &apos; Garavani but that not could have been written without their distinguidas clientas .
Álvarez always been sense fascination for the enrarecido and lifted world of the Nobles .
In the first room the this explanatory open until the next the March there letters private and photos with the signing of this more oligarchs the aristocracy since the Princess Salimah Aga Khan until Lord Snowdon happening for the Princess Marie-Chantal the Greece and Margarita the England .
Álvarez teaches those memories personal as trophies the his ascent social the extent Álvarez the city of Voghera in the north of Italy to ídolo the &apos; jet-set &apos; international .
that enamorado the royalty not has nothing to bad .
&apos; At least them not lights the colillas the their pitillos on your splendid carpet as for a nice celebrity the music pop &apos; says the Baroness Fiona Thyssen-Bornemisza .
In the years and , two de-ideologised in the Alps and As good friends .
Álvarez is a host spectacular and busies with generosity and elegance .
&apos; To all we encantaba be invited to their sold in Gstaad &apos; explains the exmujer the &apos; Heini &apos; Thyssen íntima the unspoiled forgotten as Marella Agnelli or Eugenie Niarchos .
Álvarez always been preferred to think to the reputation .
And still so is a star .
Valeria Mazza hamburgers a Álvarez .
The model Argentina Valeria Mazza either conveniently the sources of Álvarez .
ago many years later the one parade in Piazza realised Spagna in Rome colleague to eat to their floor .
vintage twenty people between the that were Sharon SMUG and John Kennedy Jr .
In each detail of floor the decoration the food the music in all been looked and is people his spirit .
&apos; To each one of the guests us did Differences important and loved &apos; reminds the &apos; Commission-led model &apos; that started to work with him during the Week the united Costura the Paris in . .
&apos; never passes the young because their designs are works of art &apos; Fourth .
Desfile the alcurnia .
The life of Garavani not a history of obsesiones but the list well reciprocated .
dear loves to the people with good education and best titles and them him love to him .
A the rules galleries the county ranking has been turned in a glamurosa passage of Sixty metres of long-term that proposes a change the patterns the visitors decision-making the place in the models and must desfilar for the passage to secondary-school to a &apos; hearing &apos; the dream that adorned works masterpieces of Álvarez as the clothing that checked Jackie Kennedy for their wedding with Aristotle Onassis the vestuario that occasion Monica Vitti in &apos; The Notte &apos; or a coat the wool and fur that Lituania to the Emperatriz Nasteh Diba .
In that public to maniquíes relucen names as the Sibilla the Luxembourg Gloria von Thurn und Taxis Mette-Marit the Norway Rosario the Bulgaria or Sofia the von .
Naty Abascal and the address the .
Many the matters clientas say that the first Álvarez is as the first love &apos; impossible to forget &apos; .
applies remember perfectly .
was a skill a jacket a chaleco &apos; gillette &apos; and a jacket the series otoño-invierno . .
&apos; was a gift that you did him &apos; says Naty Abascal a the rules compendium of leather .
&apos; applies Latin to him for above the other for their femininity for their great love to the women because realza our beauty &apos; adds the former duquesa the annual .
I Black-and-white much the colours that such have great light and are &apos; donors &apos; to the pack .
The grand are perfect .
The recounted and prescriptora the young Patricia politica Giovampaola d la Arenbergtampoco can forget the first time to westwards a Álvarez .
When was adolescent and ironically in Italy illusion with reaching to have the age and the opportunity to power use each of their clothes the night .
Finally arrived the hour to end of the years . .
Compré my first clothing the address for use in a celebration in the castle of my primo the Prince Edouard the Ligne .
was a suit red with member of volados &apos; corsage &apos; drapeado and cover word the honour .
&apos; was a dream fact reality &apos; says the sons the Rodrigo d la Arenberg .
&apos; Álvarez is indifferently to the young his obsession is what timeless &apos; explains this aristócrata Italian that lives between Paris New York and Buenos .
The recounted D la Arenberg unrelated their orange-coloured the celebration of Álvarez with &apos; the upper care because a clothing not a conflict a clothing also a the whole of memories that human &apos; .
The &apos; King &apos; the young .
The great final the explanatory the county ranking is the suit the man of Marie-Chantal Miller in its wedding with Paul the Greece in . .
They did four months of work and &apos; ragazze &apos; as way the address the their costureras for devise that suit the wool colour ivory with gold-encrusted the mill twelve types of co-determination profits and a backlog of four metres and half .
According the journalist Suzy Menkes Road authority of the press specialised time clothing represents a milestone of the temperatures remnant of late of century 20th &apos; the return to the clientas the temperatures society &apos; .
Obnubilado during years with the &apos; savoir-être &apos; the elite now Álvarez is its best exemplary .
Cavaliere realised Great Croce the distinction of more high-level senior in Italy Cavaliere of Lavoro Commandeur the L la Ordre Places Yun est Places Lettres Vichy with the Legion the Legion , Garavani fiercer many Vélez as anybody of the unmarried the their clientas .
&apos; always me has called the attention his refinement his calm his aspect pulcro and perfect &apos; recognises D la Arenberg .
The final increasingly that we saw was ago a month in a dinner the wined in the Museum the Quai .
dear was in the table of the Rostopchine Jacqueline the Ribes a great friendly mine .
&apos; was whiter the time not passes for him &apos; .
If what says a recounted .
The profession more blow of world the mulas human the Kawah Ijen .
For four EUR the porteadores of volcano Indonesian is immigrants the life and the health postponed 75-kilo the sulphur to via the empinados Rhinelanders the stone .
There People for the that his work is a hell and other that literally works in the hell .
It the case of Anto Wijaya each of the miners that is earn the life exposing sulphur of volcano Kawah Ijen the issue of the island Indonesian the dry .
For doing has to come each day until the fund of their cráter where the gas sulfuroso that choice of the centenary the earth is solidifica the possible in contact with the air .
After sluggish large rocks the sulphur that the total best-seller to despite few 75-kilo the train in two baskets of bambú that burden on their shoulders to via the escarpados Rhinelanders the stone .
are only metres until the top of volcano that is raises to metres of altitude but the exhaustos porteadores relate more of minutes in trade to step in pace striking the balance and communist with tentatively their steps for not resbalarse and fall by the edge .
that the kind traspié could cost the life as you happened to a economy French that is despeñó ago years for the riscos of Kawah Ijen .
The miners the Kawah Ijen earn cents the euro for each kilo of sulphur that buildings .
A increasingly upwards is open step between the tourists that the fotografían as if surely orange-coloured the circus and cannot fatigosamente the heavy-calibre canastas zone three kilometres until the balance that a company mining has nearing a little more collapsed to metres of speaking .
They talking to PT Candi Ngrimbi a company that exploited since the volcano and never best said to their workers to the that paid rupias indonesias 5 cents the euro for each kilo of sulphur .
Then what sells for rupias 83 cents the euro to the industry petrochemical already the issue mineral is widespread in the life everyday and is shop for manufactured cerillas fires artificial cosmetics dinamita and until for money-laundering the sugar .
&apos; As what normal is shoulder 75-kilo gleaned should rupias 3,8 EUR in every journey &apos; us explains Anto cast always follow-up three portes difficulties .
late three hours in every one and ends molido but you Youth horrendous rupias 11,5 EUR the end of day .
Although seems a misery for that inhuman effort is the three of this is calendar in the field .
&apos; The jornal the miners is very high here where the middle of coffee is paid to rupias 1,2 EUR the day and the wage half monthly is the two million of rupias 167 EUR &apos; clarifies the porteador that before Couso as albañil in the tourist island of Bali .
uncertain his salary was the rupias 6,2 EUR the day and the older not was very hard but Anto has journey with their family to Banyuwangi a people practicable the volcano for a reason to weight to the Indonesia is that overwhelming as the sulphur &apos; I educated with a young to Bali where are Hindus and the reason brought to dry for the are ridiculed the Islam &apos; .
Anto has asthma reassured with difficulty tose constantly and is you irritan the eyes for the gases stored .
To their years Anto brings three jugándose the nerve in the Kawah Ijen whose sulphur already been made to sheer bill despite the gap the pack with a mask and glasses special .
he asthma reassured with difficulty tose constantly and is you irritan the eyes for the gases stored that brings the volcano .
It the price is how pay for achieving his dream .
&apos; be two years more because you opening a shop or observer Spanish or French &apos; promised in a English more to acceptable .
Castigado for the life this young Katiforis and intelligent could be guide tourism waiter or Jari the one hotel but in place in this makes the work of a lingua .
Compartiendo a monster cattle the wood with other porteadores is suspended each day to the two of the following because the sulphur not leaves a sink the night when your readiness colour Hindu is grounds blue and easy to half of the darkness .
defiance the infringements Anto low the cráter alumbrándose with a small linterna adherida to their hull that him same has purchased with their money .
Constructive porteadores unpaid the pockets of sulphur on their shoulders since the fund of cráter .
To despite the their money profits the company mining not been mecanizado the extraction of sulphur for save costs nor except circumstances equipment to the porteadores that employed for their account and to both the weight .
Indeed fact nor even Supposing part of the rupias 2,5 EUR the surcharge for chamber to together to the first of rupias 1,2 EUR , the guards the issue park natural welfare to the tourists that attending for fotografiar the volcano and to their mulas human .
&apos; This work is to the animals and not to the people &apos; protest Madrusin a fornido porteador the years to get the Kawah Ijen three decades since the showed the school .
Capaz the embargo until 75-kilo ensures that aguantará working &apos; everything we that can &apos; because needs to money for bringing to their three children of between and years .
not me jubilaré die here because the volcano has been across my life .
Although the sulphur burning the throats and escuece the eyes when the wind changing the response and caught to the miners in the espesas columnas that happily of volcano are very hard to stand is complaint to suffer diseases serious more beyond clear is the their arise problems respiratory artrosis aches in the knees and sore in the shoulders that is the malformado for the weight of the pockets .
Balanceando the canasta on its backs Unainik already only be shoulder 75-kilo to their years .
Every day him and their colleagues down tonnes of sulphur the volcano that three lorry ever the concept of Tamansari to kilometres of distance for a road to goats between the baby .
&apos; not me jubilaré die here because the volcano has been across my life &apos; civilized Unainik throwing well the mouths where you missing several tooth .
Indeed their five children the main the years also works postponed sulphur .
The time has but the misery perpetúa the generation in generation each of the cheap more harshest of world the that are the mulas human of Kawah Ijen .
Singapore search babies for save the economy .
The singapurenses blaming to the career the stress and the costs of the property and the education for not have children .
&apos; The population of Singapore needs grow &apos; .
am a husband patriotism replied my wife patriótica generalized expect with our duty civic and create life .
Can apparently be the state fables is part of a announcement of tablets the menta but to despite the this or perhaps due to this is webstreaming is returned viral in YouTube in Singapore to principles of this year .
The sentences are part of a rap that such reference local as &apos; Are to put a bao bollo in the oven &apos; for laughing the rate of birth of Singapore .
The company of advertising that was the actual BBH hosts the hope of the with the announcement overriding draw the attention on the problem of a function funny .
Their director creative Douglas ten-dollar says that wanted use the power of the music for the people Valencian with &apos; his duty national &apos; .
This is something purely the Internet case that had to do it and gracioso .
It the main problem in this country .
are the worst of world in reproducirnos to us ourselves case that devices that this was a subject to had to address .
knew that the government in tried many things as launch perfumes with feromonas or organise veladas the agreements changing speed-dating . .
Many the matters ideas can have been creative but not necessarily worked .
So that or you for what do what more creative possible to deal this problem is a componer a rap .
children .
The that not been what decision-making so to the lightly is the government of Singapore .
Gasta US 1.300 the year in policies for encourage the citizens to have more children .
A package of government for marriages and parents bestows until dollars for child wind the licensing for maternity and burden profits prosecutors .
But everything that has been little effect .
Singapore is a city State rich and the temperatures technology in the south-east of Asia also known for the track of their leaders and their Strict controls social .
The rate of birth of Singapore the agreement with their division national the population is puts currently in children for women .
The final increasingly that National for above the -conocida as rate of reposición- was in . .
So that we do the singapurenses not have more children .
Only Wei Ming verging the growth of Marriage and Família the Division National the Population says that is because the one &apos; best education &apos; and &apos; a range more wider the opportunities to career &apos; .
&apos; That him has allowed to the people longer the one range more wider the options in terms of objectives of life and priorities more beyond the marriage and fortunate a family &apos; explains .
These changes in the rules social have contributed to increase the soltería and to delay the marriage and the certificate what is room as result a drop in the rate of birth in Singapore .
Meanwhile therefore a policy of immigration ue tip to increase drastically the immigration for ask cope to the drop in the population has created umbrage between the population local .
In Singapore there websites website where rife the xenophobia hardly disguised against many new immigrants in particular the Chinese to the that critics for maintain the wages low and not integrated .
The increase the immigration also a seen as a the rules reasons for the that the year past the party the government of Singapore chilling his worst result electoral since the independence .
Since the elections has misunderstanding a attempt to correct the problem with the quotas and taxes more salaries for the workers foreign .
Consequences might .
Meanwhile that the fall in the rate of birth has effects known in the growth economic the one nation the income tax the costs health and the political the immigration the example of Singapore also is no some consequences might .
The government staying that not been Apartment so houses small .
For example has begun to touch the sector estate .
The authority of development urban has past to control the number of apartment small known as &apos; box the shoes &apos; that is Public build in certain areas of the city .
These apartment have aside the metres square and the had a success of sales .
However there concern the that Public promote a lifestyle of life of soltería and desanimen to the developers that organize build houses large family .
But Lim Lee Soon director general the company buildings EL Developers says that their &apos; boxes of shoes &apos; is sold much more quickly that the units more large .
are more popular in the sense of the rules units are exhausted days even weeks more quickly that the units of greater size .
This ago that make a better for our flow of cash .
However accepts that the new rules babies guidelines more clear to the developers to the that before been cut disposal snags if wanted offer many units small in a project .
Too estresados .
Singapore is a city State .
If well these new rules can be a step towards the increase the rate of birth national the talk to the singapurenses that employed in the district financial of centre prompt that not van to have a effect .
&apos; The People is very sped-up the houses are required and also what is the education for this is a people what are postponing &apos; says a young executive .
Others people can take children .
&apos; But for me is important not to my own money and time &apos; says another young to few years .
Men and women mention his career the stress and the costs of the property and the education as the reasons that they mean having children .
So that we much to the government instrument of If to their citizens to have children when are talking to do babies the singapurenses are those have the final word .
applies private restrict on-line is private on-line .
Privacidad .
Indeed agreement with the Diccionario the Royal Academy Hispaniola is about the quality of private or &apos; the field of the life private that is has right to protect the kind hallmark &apos; .
What is private for a difference of years .
How applies this definition in its life everyday and in the networks social .
Can the dangers to the that is my for ventilar in Internet situations that surely not compartiría outside the online .
elPeriódico Media-Most to five Adolescent the between ten and years users frequent the network .
In four the cases asociaron the term to &apos; something very mine &apos; in the level personal and &apos; in the key and name of user &apos; when it applied to networks social .
&apos; My secret more profound not the centrist to a ex &apos; says Borg the ten years when staying explain the meaning of private in places as Facebook Twitter Hotmail and Windows Live Messenger where has accounts since ago two years .
&apos; are secret very secret my father can be but not all the world &apos; claims .
In FB subo images fine or the games .
also me entretengo with my known .
&apos; not compartiría a photograph that not make mine or the someone is stuck doing the ourselves &apos; says .
The child recognises that is wrong publish photographs obscenas the people naked the crimes or write comments humiliating or violent .
Borg ensures fortunate to the friends to has the FB and to their nine followers in Twitter .
The majority are kith .
The mother is including has the key to a the rules accounts .
Abrí Twitter for future and write tweets interesting .
&apos; not know whether me contestan I only the subo &apos; adds .
&apos; The networks social are humorous can talk to kith distant or with my friends of function quick &apos; points .
not doubt in answer to never perhaps a request of a person unknown .
Neither him here case to someone is you Provisional to a strange .
The case of José the years is different .
The adolescent owns accounts open to Hotmail Facebook My Space and Ask in this final accepts not aware to the rules people agregadas in its list of friends .
&apos; not me frightens because have something in common the music for example &apos; points .
According the boy none is you has hinted nor him has asked the direction of their home or its number of telephone .
&apos; If me presionaran or me what exigieran simply the lump the my account &apos; recognises .
José is did leads to Ask then the read a recommendation in Twitter .
At five-year-old not him are foreign the experiences of this is today is knows as ciberbullying .
To a known the one my friend what were extorsionando in a network social .
applies undertook and you Todayu'\u2019s money .
&apos; never learned Who was &apos; ensures .
The victim according José not closed the account .
&apos; Only him commissions privacy &apos; .
Then explains a series of steps for assess the account of function safe .
To difference of Borg this boy centrist photos of known in situations uncomfortable or allocated .
Yes what could if you chunk bad or him wearing dwell .
&apos; Although know that this is ciberbullying &apos; claims .
questions key .
Marielos Porras masterpiece the English and alarmed in Education and Aprendizaje viewed that is guide to the children and to the adolescents must understood that the purpose of the networks social is inform .
&apos; Internet emerged as a half for seek information but with the aparecimiento the state websites cambiaron the rules of game &apos; mentions .
Porras Other that the academic Marc Prensky degree in Pedagogía for the University the Yale and author of the rights Nativos and Inmigrantes Digitales coined these terms for explain the phenomenon .
The native digital are always the children and young to me to the technology .
&apos; We are the immigrants digital that have to taught to them when there are lesson &apos; says .
Comenta that the issue is complex &apos; because they are asking to conclude a criterion defined on what two-track or not think publish or say to a age to the attitude not five-minute for this &apos; .
&apos; also the is targeted when it is more they care is a popular having thousands of friends without thinking in the consequences &apos; adds .
According the specialist the function more effective the teach what is privacy to children and adolescents is to via the questions to the minority reflect .
&apos; Telling that not what Please not serves &apos; agrega .
To continuation Porras lists some options There things that not him contarías to a strange So for what we can in Internet .
Or So you like to publish a photograph of your as the that publicaste the one friend .
Do what is the other electronically on your .
When labels photos of situ So pediste permit to the other people to etiquetarlas .
And a more you all need know what we States.&apos; doing each moment .
Another point is necessarily see that must act on-line as we are restrict on-line .
are the same rules .
&apos; One outside the internet action to respect morality and other principles Like must be in the networks social &apos; claims .
Epidemiological .
Estuardo Guardia Professor university professor of primary and Valentin educational observing that is essential to the parents of family lean to awareness the political the rules networks social .
At understand each one of the incisos them have foundations sound for converse with their children on the implications of opening a account in Internet .
&apos; For example the age and we that is allowed share or publish &apos; says .
Indeed agreement with Guardia is key remember the children the lesson of &apos; not hables with strangers &apos; .
concludes Summit the Unasur without do public the Declaration the Lima .
The VI Summit presidential the Union Suramericana the Nations Unasur completed today in Peru without the are moving public the Declaration the Lima chronicle advance and theory bill for the seven responsibly assistants .
Efe tried in repeatedly opportunities access to document signed in the sixth Meeting Ordinaria the Heads the state and the government of the Unasur but sources of Cancillería and the presidency signal in a large that we assurances to limits after the IGC but then said that the somewhere moment is published in the website of government Peruvian .
At be consulted by the text signal that the content had been Finns for the president of Peru Ollanta Humala during should make statements to the press .
The access to the journalists to the information to the Summit National restricted in all moment .
During the wording only is passed in the clear the press the actual without technician the assembly presidential with the message &apos; session private audio restricted &apos; .
The little information that circuló between the apprehend was handed for the speakers of press the some of the governments of the Unasur assistants to the quotation although not the Peruvian .
The unique document publicised during the wording was the list of chairmen assistants what is sinking the malaise the hundreds of journalists in various media national and international that were elderly data .
Subsequently the presidency of Peru sent a e-mail electronic to the media with the &apos; declaration final &apos; the summit but is about the statement of Humala and not the document official to closed the summit .
In October past Peru was the host of the III Summit America of Sur-Países Arab ASPA and in this occasion despite the be required redundancy for the press , either are announced the also so-called Declaration the Lima that advance previously announced .
In the website official of ASPA is can substantiate that the document was published the past Tuesday .
In sides from international the authorities Peruvian is disarming in the subject systems of transmission policyholders for all the journalists but constrained the maximum the obtaining the information .
The summit completed also with the compromise whole of Chile and Peru the accept a failure of the Court the Hague that Perejil a diferendo crossing between two countries .
The chairmen of Peru Ollanta Humala and the Chile Valparaíso Piñera is gathered during the quotation regional and ratified that respetarán the decision of the CIJ that begins the Monday in a Hague to listen the allegations of both sides , in the process that Lima presented against Santiago .
&apos; Acataremos and ejecutaremos the judgment that tighter the differences that today day are cooperating to this entourage international &apos; said Humala together to their couple Chile .
&apos; Chile has been a and going to continue remains a country environmentally of law international the solution peaceful the rules controversy the treaties and the courts international &apos; Yes Piñera and reinforced with a handshake the hands to Humala together to the flags of the two countries .
The merely a two chairmen of the are Resolutions to the CIJ happened then the Colombia Tskhinvali this week the Pact the Bogotá for the that in accepted Sanctions to the failures of this court international then the one decision on limits maritime with Nicaragua that viewed severely misinformation .
The summit was completed with the inasistencias the chairmen of Brazil Dilma Rouseff Venezuela Hugo Chávez Bolivia Morales and Argentina Cristina Kirchner .
Paraguay suspended the Unasur since after the office of their former president Ferdinand stance not attended the quotation .
The president host Ollanta Humala was the mid-July the opening the discussions in the morning and close the summit little later the midday the Lima .
The attorney Surján the document final in the that reported that is enough agreements and is resolutions the lines of action to projects between the countries Moroccans for a total of thousand million of dollars in investment .
Among the agreements Takeover mentioned that the countries of UNASUR goodnessu'\u2019, &apos; steps important towards the target of a citizenship South for this is our partnership the agreements on residence &apos; .
informed that is efficacy actions for improve &apos; the cooperation in the fight against the insecurity citizens and against the crime organised trasnacional actions for do more accessible the medicines the access to Internet to lower price in all the corners of access and get the function jointly and efficient the risks of disasters natural &apos; .
With a Europe in crisis &apos; the consolidation economic the America Latin not be having a parent triunfalista but that must serve to extend nustra parent productive and must a better future for our peoples &apos; Yes Humala .
&apos; have decided attach a group of projects flagship that improve the link the schools of America of South particularly in areas rural and the borders pushing to our countries and certainly new routes economic &apos; said the president Peruvian in a message read .
Among those projects mentioned that five BAMST to Peru and estan render in the central Also the their territory since the coast towards Brazil and two indicate to a greater connect with Ecuador although not only want details .
also the document final mentioned the situation policy in Paraguay .
&apos; expect that the process electoral in this country draw for their rejoining to the Union the Nations unification &apos; the opened was position currently excluded .
The need to the America Latin is adhered as a region of prosperity and peace integrated and the good relations between neighbours was another of the issues importance for the summit .
In this respect the president of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos said before the begin his participation in the quotation regional that anticipated meet with their couple of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega the Saturday in Mexico for treat the way environmentally-friendly the diferendo maritime after a failure of the CIJ questioned for Bogotá .
&apos; The day of tomorrow Saturday is possible to purchase a meeting with the president Daniel Ortega &apos; said Santos .
&apos; Are to review all these paths not the exclusive made the treaty with Nicaragua goes to require a conversation with Nicaragua &apos; underlined .
&apos; With the president Ortega hope power tell the handle this the way more elementary and environmentally-friendly possible &apos; added Santos .
Santos and Ortega is the Saturday in Mexico where have scheduled attend to the decision-making the control of new president of this country Casas Peña Nieto .
also like part of the summit the ministers of defence of bloc is gathered advance for approve the plan to Action of year , that search strengthen the dialogue and the consensus in fight the protection in the region .
Argentina Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru Brazil Uruguay Venezuela Chile Guyana Surinam and Paraguay expanding UNASUR although the last country is position suspended .
Peru has the presidency reckoned témpore of bloc regional .
&apos; Suramérica must learn the Europe for integrate a citizenship &apos; Raphael Correa .
The president of Ecuador Raphael Correa stated today that the creation of a citizenship common is a goal in the that &apos; Suramérica in this case yes must learn the Europe &apos; .
João that attended the sixth Summit presidential the Union the Nations Suramericanas Unasur aired in Lima declared to the authorities broadcasters Peru that the Europeans &apos; is prime in the second War World &apos; and in other conflicts , &apos; but now are almost a homeland &apos; .
foursquare in this respect the project of establish the citizenship suramericana that encouraged the countries Member the Unasur .
&apos; There that achieving the free mobility of citizens and workers for any country suramericano as already happens with the treaty of the Community Andean but still there sectors reaccionarios that we want restore the past &apos; warned .
The president Ecuadorean is prepared addition to favour of the reshuffle the Organisation the States American AEO under the premise of reducing the influence the states Continental and have to account the that have signed the pact the St José on the rights human .
The that babies chair never been commit to nothing and in change us the suramericanos what arrangement everything .
&apos; It incomprehensible that the Commission Venezuelan the Rights Human protecting the Washington under the funding of States United &apos; stated in maritime the asylum political prioritised for Ecuador the founder the WikiLeaks Julian Assange .
João assured that not is arrepentido the this decision because of this not been betrayed their principles but that has respected their &apos; profound values democratic and the rights human &apos; .
Agregó that the his moment &apos; had well-founded suspicions the that Assange outside extradited to a third country and not been pity his process &apos; .
Criticó addition to the justice Swedish for observance that is submitted in its territory the interrogation by a alleged crime sexual when &apos; the own legislation Swedish allows satisfy prohibited video that is could do since the Embassy the Ecuador in London &apos; .
João stated that there is risk of the are deteriorate the health physical and mental the Assange .
&apos; not have spoken with him since the moment in our Embassy but the ambassador me reported that had a small problem lung nothing serious &apos; said the limits Ecuadorean .
applies to itself there is the danger of the are deteriorate his health physical and mental for be solitary in a space small without power do occasional the air free .
&apos; That complicates the health of any person &apos; Yes .
João pointed that the solution to asylum orientates to Assange since June in the Embassy ecuatoriana in London prohibited the granting of a salvaconducto that you enable travel to Ecuador is in hands of Great Britain Sweden and the authorities legal European and underlined that has misunderstanding discussions with London in search of a solution to encierro of founder the WikiLeaks .
We not negotiate with rights human that word not the use in this case but has misunderstanding permanent discussions .
&apos; The solution to this problem is in hands of Great Britain Sweden and the rules authorities legal European because the lawyer of Assange Baltazar Garzón is doing a series of procedures in different presidents European &apos; mentioned .
And issuer that &apos; if Great Britain five-minute morning the pass this is huge &apos; .
And if Sweden as perfectly what allows his legislation and as has done in other cases interroga the Mr Assange in the Embassy the Ecuador in London or what interroga path Skype morning same is huge this problem .
João availed for assert as a proponent of the freedom of press and matizó that we that not tolerate is &apos; the mediocrity the bad faith and the lie to weaken the freedom of expression &apos; .
&apos; The elderly enemies of the freedom of press not of the political villains and wicked but the victims journalists in function of greed the blackmail and the extortion &apos; said .
In that aspect is the that already not be these journalists &apos; nor the bankers nor the countries hegemonic and thought-masters the that dominated to Ecuador &apos; and surprised that the be removed &apos; profundizará in the revolution for continue to road and the direction right &apos; .
João also supported the decision of maintain the veto to Paraguay in the Unasur the least until their forthcoming elections to argue that the body &apos; must be clear and not tolerate the opportunism and the golpismo fraught the legality &apos; because the reality &apos; destroyed the legitimacy of the democracy paraguaya &apos; .
The president Ecuadorean viewed addition &apos; perfectly relevant &apos; the desire to their counterpart apologetic Juan Manuel Santos the negotiate now with Nicaragua the limits maritime between two countries after the ruling of the Court International the Justice the Hague that impartiality to the sovereignty maritime nicaragüense .
For the moment not been playing that ruling .
It a problem between a country Anything and one centroamericano .
The conflicts are inevitable but must be overcome by the willingness to walking together .
There that import of working wider for resolved and continue forward .
also well-balanced in a good conclusion of dispute for limits maritime that Other in the same court Peru and Chile and issuer that &apos; is correct for America Latin seek presidents international if the two countries are commit to accept ruling for hard to make &apos; .
In reference to the possibility that is before as candidate in the next elections presidential in Ecuador for seek a third mandate running pointed that sees that possibility &apos; with a optimism and joy although to sometimes is quite blow &apos; .
João assured that if lose the beginnings of February of being withdrawn the life public .
In what personal never me has interested the power but in situations that upon as the Ecuador that poverty socio-economic only is can correct since the power political .
&apos; My movement pólitico believed that was my cast defaults that likely victory therefore have to accept that reponsabilidad &apos; said .
Indeed win would my final period in the presidency and the direction win-win the life public .
If lose Like .
&apos; It a decision &apos; stated .
João is suggested also the new treatment of health of president Venezuelan Hugo Chávez in Cuba .
hoc the talk to the Vice-President Venezuelan Claus Maduro and me says that boarding to a treatment to already was planned to routine that is expectation that proceeding the campaign to go to Cuba .
&apos; not mean a relapse in the state of health of president Chávez &apos; likened .
The head of state Ecuadorean attended today in Lima in the sixth Summit the Heads the state and government of the Union the Nations Suramericanas Unasur that completed with scanners to a greater integration regional for reliant the progress the equal and the safety .
Cot for AIDS today are cause of detection belatedly .
Fabrizio had been the age when you anticipated the result of the test AIDS positive .
&apos; was as if you liked a bomb &apos; refers to recap the moment of announcement that the doctor detentions do &apos; more suavecito &apos; without success obvious .
The five-year-old what secret to their family .
Decidió shouldn office only the his disease and understand the making on her with stand effort to already festejó his birthday . .
It without doubt one of the patients more ancient the Unit the HIV of smoke-related Civil the long-standing HCG , to the that came in later the number battles .
Fabrizio lives with the virus the line human HIV since ago years something difficult to imagine to principles of the when in many doubt , few options in treatment and more stigma .
then until the director of a clinic of IMSS blackout despedirse the him &apos; because traía a cut &apos; .
then having AIDS was synonymous the death .
Now is possible survive to this syndrome and that with quality of life .
However zombies the his disease still many people using when the virus already been caused havoc &apos; sitting &apos; his system immune and are victims of infections opportunistic .
To years of the emergence of AIDS in the world the least the first cases reported &apos; the great achievement mean in this moment that the sobrevida the one patient to gambling treatment in manner swift and the sobrevida the population general is exactly Like &apos; pursued the head of the Unit the HIV of HCG Jaime Andrade Villanueva after Lastly that this information was Therefore in April the issue year in a publication scientific prestigiada .
Infectólogo and expert in HIV AIDS Andrade Villanueva likened that since the year the scientists previously completed that the AIDS not was a judgment fatal but the years of survival and the quality of life depend of rise to afectación the system immune to similar the patients the begin the diagnosis with better expectation for those not the users of drugs the until years with a conteo the CD4 and the years , when actions CD4 .
In words simple what previous mean that cast receives the diagnosis of HIV positive to the years of age under these terms &apos; while is adhered in control How live without problems until the years &apos; mover the Ashraf .
For dimensionar this breakthrough wider remember that the hope of life of the extent today is the years in average .
If well the mortality has claimed significantly in the past years in the case of Mexico the number of people to die of AIDS nor the cases in the in ( reporte annual the UNAIDS also a true that since the emergence of AIDS , sleeping for cent of the patients in the basis of data national have died .
Only in Jalisco people died in , and van deaths until May the issue year not however is greatly that there access universal to the production anti-retroviral since . .
So For what remains lingers deaths .
To me that the problem not a the access to treatment .
So what visualizo case we has happened in our hospital .
At least in the past years not have been desabasto the beginning of problem is that the patients best-seller very advanced because tension his state of infection or make the stages late to the disease .
It a central overwhelming &apos; Nine the individual ten patients best-seller when already similar some infection instrumental what is being has to do to have a greater impact on the mortality global is done verdicts more tempranos and for this therefore is have to offer tests the detection the function mass to all the people to what cost-intensive &apos; .
In his proposal implementing specialists and officials of Council imposition of prevention of AIDS in Jalisco Coesida also the own patients as Fabrizio cast turned to shouldn the test to a laboratory particular only drove because it had fact a friend and despite the his shorter age already was in stage of AIDS and even padeció sarcoma the Kaposi , a tumour cancerous that is a the rules complications common .
All changing when your that future AIDS .
Some considerably that is van to die and not want know nothing .
&apos; If already me question to die best me reviento three times to the week &apos; say not in my case .
The change was to improve me food well successfully exercise seriously the medicines .
To the date their parents only know that padeció cancer .
Danish-German a life normal as anybody .
&apos; unemployment have a activities arrive have a life sexual active but degree me cuido to me and to the other person &apos; enumeró Fabrizio cast accepted share their privacy with MILENIO JALISCO for motivating with their testimony to those today in the framework of Day World of AIDS have afraid .
can is imperative the test if resulted risk that between more soon exact if they HIV positive is better and if already have the diagnosis that learn that can live as any person remains responsible .
meaning his message sums the slogan of battle the AIDS this . .
Condones after the counter .
Loud are the plant is there between the programmes in health and the citizen common affirmed Ricardo Salazar journalist tapatío cast has accepted the cause in around the HIV .
And the most large is in prevention .
In the places dedicated to this task &apos; effectively is the increased the distribution of condoms before us soared the one or two now we babies packages the to one and that is very well but is that there who today still not have access to a condom &apos; said .
Among the most vulnerable to new infections are the adolescents .
&apos; For what the Mummy &apos; is question common with plaything and explained to value of definite social orientadores schoolchildren employees of formal and personal the health to the that not been want through the adolescents assured the communicator .
ex-presidents re-orientate this ineffective distribution that the condoms not Purely only after the departure and those hundred is trouble in despachadores the bathing public to the places that Football the young .
not a motivating the infection .
Neither is about the taking the chelas and the motel as did the governor Emilio González the envisaged if would distribution of Condoms in its Administration .
&apos; So not a the acceptance what better is closer the condoms to those already profess a activity sexual &apos; pointed .
Claves In Jalisco .
There cases cumulative 12,158 the AIDS and the HIV . .
The state is ° place national in cases new and cumulative the AIDS and ° the HIV .
the infection corresponds to the path sexual crew % to the path blood-borne and % to the path perinatal .
They estimated that thousand people can be abject with HIV already the for a case recorded there the to people to do what know .
Ratificada for a court of appeals the States United a judgment that unknown the restructuring the debt of Group Vitro agreed path a tender Treasury in Mexico the scene spur a precedent Relocations for any company national with offshoots in the neighbour country to purchase problems of solvency .
They but therefore to the procedures in earn the survival of the signatures to Youth the laws Mexican not the valid in the country of the consequences and the stars to contrapelo the treaties international .
In the ground practical the boost to the judgment NBC the June past for the judge Harlin Hale the party the Bancarrotas for the district north of Texas leaves indefensas to the signatures Mexican cope to the possibility of however the their property in allende the Bravo .
However the resolution him opens the door to the main manufacturer of glass in Mexico for negotiating to the Court Housel the States United retracted three inconsistencies .
Indeed entry while the judge the cause Other that the creditors must regulated by the Act the Quiebras the States United the court of appeals of clarity Circuito with headquarters in New Orleans says that the procedure main is the tender Treasury triggered in Mexico .
The first point costly Nobody the cooperation unbelievable international in cases of insolvency the companies with profile trasnacional .
Indeed fact towards that end is working the Act Sustainable the Nations UN for the Uniformidad of law incompatible International colocándose as umpire the copper Law Institute .
In Secondly place the judgment stipulates that without the vote intercompañías recognised in the mass criticism of Contest Treasury the debts that ones with their parent the subsidiaries the Vitro not been liked achieved the majority required to approve the restructuring .
However the possibility of recognise the laws Mexican .
Indeed fact the Vitro not been made the first case in the are accepts the scheme .
There are average dozen the examples between them Agremex and Anti-Counterfeiting Mexicana whose debts intercompañías avaló the Institute Federal the Concursos Mercantiles .
applies true addition is that recompensed the votes of the subsidiaries the all anyway the creditors the Vitro that pelearon against unknown in the Spanish the States United is say the funds &apos; buitre &apos; as Aurelios capital Aurelios Convergence Elliot International and Liverpool Limited not going achieved majority .
The vote would been the for cent against . .
The custodianship what omitted the Court the appeals .
Since another angle unknown fault to Vitro the situation difficult to Baader-Meinhof to onwards of the peer the serious crisis economic that Baader-Meinhof States United pegándole the coletazos the country .
For what soon the signing of the family González Sada appealing a resource the rethinking foremost the own court of appeals for the vote comes to plenary of unknown is say the five magistrates prioritised that only voted three .
Indeed not supposed unknown is it is resource the Cerciorare that requires the review of process by part of a ultimately higher in this case the Housel Court the Justice the States United .
applies serious of case is that the court soslayó a document willing for the government of Mexico under the Through the amicus curiae &apos; friend of the Court &apos; in the that is annex the procedure followed by Vitro under the framework of the Act the Concursos Mercantiles , you that unknown is desahogó with adhering to the treaties signed by both countries to empatar one of the chapter of the Act the Bancarrotas the States United .
Over still being Other that the country is plegó to the principles of the Commission the rules Nations UN for the Trade International is say the rules Charges for cases Technical the insolvency that reputable fairness for debtors and creditors .
Carambola the two gangs him Kremlin to Vitro and you Kremlin the country .
assessment General .
Dormidas during several months the complaints agree in the table for the trade in Mexicana the aviation against the exdueño the company Gastón Azcárraga Andrade to cast is accused of administration specifies the Partnership Technical the Pilotos Aviadores already reconstruct the bottleneck the bottleneck .
The ultimately Paredes for emperor Lieutenant-General Chávez Morineau ends of submit a demand criminal against the Commission National Banking and the Securities to cast is accused of obstruction to the justice .
According doing the authority supervisory is the denied systematically to give reports to the Procuraduría General the Republic on a operation ; for the entrepreneur for draw the fideicomiso F 589 of Bank IXE to name of Mexicana the aviation 198 million of lightweights .
The resources are would canalizado to the purchasing the actions of the Administradora filled the Hoteles .
As you know Azcárraga Andrade is the main shareholder the chain of hotels Posadas .
Cercan the Dragon Mart .
Reunidos the end of week in a forum in the University of Caribbean a group of ambientalistas national and foreign academic employers and Member in general the society civil sanctioned the creation of a face broader for oppose to the opening of Dragon Mart Chinese in Cancún .
We speaking as you know the one colossal centre of sale and distribution of pack to Mexico Central and the Caribbean the products of country of the wall with a zone the housing the calce for employees of companies .
before the Canacintra had achieved unify to the governors of the area of South-East for oppose the monumental coso that consumed with part of areas protected and promotion the mother of all the amagos against the industry .
He the ACTA .
Soslayada for the government is demand the Senate for explain under what terms and circumstances the ambassador of Mexico in Japan signed the Agreement Anti-Counterfeiting Antifalsificación known for their ETS in English as ACTA the agreement the Institute participate in the audiovisual Property the issue already happened to archive .
As you know the action is only despite the that the own Senate had descalificado the possibility to unfair atentatoria the freedom of expression in the networks social .
Homex to long-term term .
In sheer the pay debts of long-term term without whatsoever the short the desarrolladora the housing Homex is increasingly in the market Certificados Bursátiles for millions of lightweights .
The emission is the first of four identical that offered pay interests each days .
Nace Competival .
Integrado for the companies NYCE e-Quálity and Kernet leaders in technology the information ends of born a consortium with reason social Competival whose objective will the market of services in the cluster the software of Centre and access .
The investments in the fight campaigning the 500 the dollars .
Valdés &apos; Hetin &apos; Christmas &apos; The basketball has been my life &apos; .
Trotamundos of martial Valdés &apos; Hetin &apos; Christmas National more of years bound to sport of tabloncillo and thank to him boarding the world whole .
Nothing people in Rico has a middle mental the history of martial local so wider as the reason Valdés &apos; Hetin &apos; Christmas .
And is that before the that a fat cerebral what confinara to a wheelchair the wheelchair in the list National pawn in the sport for more of years were as player in categories minors player of congratulating Supreme National , helplessness and leader in the BSN with the Vaqueros the Bayamón or president of the Federation the team .
&apos; I was many sombreros in the basketball to via the my life including several to the same time as when was president of BSN workforce general of A-Team National and president federativo during the years &apos; reminded Christmas during a visit to First Hora to their home in Bayamón where lies with Isabel his faithful wife for more of years .
&apos; The basketball has been my life &apos; .
Christmas not exaggerated the do that has .
The walls of their home almost all decoradas with photos and memorabilias that frustration his wider personal case what Verde .
Bayamón in the heart .
Indeed all the that supplies with greater ambivalent are the that rememoran his step for the Vaqueros since middle of the 1980s the as player until , when factors years fungiendo as coapoderado or helplessness the newspaper .
&apos; These were my best years the that more me disfruté because had the opportunity to be part of eight Ice the Vaqueros since already were as helplessness , coapoderado or leader .
They many years of satisfacciones including the five Ice corridos since until . .
And then me farewell with one in the , the year the debut the Jerome Mincy in the BSN .
Indeed Hence in forward is did office &apos; Cuco &apos; Ortiz that was a great administrator &apos; pursued Christmas .
remember that Gene Bartow that in booklet here and was in the University the Alabama Birmingham me said &apos; You have a player well strong , the &apos; the uncontested .
applies Mummy &apos; .
And that was the principle of Mincy each of the best players to the had Rico .
Bartow then recommended the francotirador Raymond Gausse that was nativizado and was one of our best hunters .
remember that he is whether Mincy him in prioritised a championship to Bayamon Gausse deadlocked to attract another more .
The championship the Vaqueros with Gausse is what gozó but already to the distance therefore to already invented the mandamás federativo .
For that time tight enjoy the their ejecutorias and the Mincy in the trouble National .
remember when you won for first time to States United during the Preolímpico in Mexico the . .
Then wine the World the where enshrined Fourthly place and should have been Bronze the not be for the umpire Canadian that we did repeat the old final for second time , said Christmas .
scheme group of World the is the best A-Team National that Paca seen .
Has between the best Like that the that you won the Dream Team in the Truce the . .
But my favourite was the Panamericanos in Cuba in when won gold and you brief a pela the team of States United , that was quite similar to the us won the Bronze in the world .
Orbán team not only repetía to Mincy Gausse Ramon Rivas Choice Valverde and &apos; Piculín &apos; Ortiz but that also had to Javier &apos; Toñito &apos; Columbus and James Jimmy young to the brothers Ricardo Archduke and Morin and to Mario &apos; finest &apos; Morales , that not in able be in the due to a minor in the diktat .
A team that perhaps not was the best in terms of staff but we only a medal the gold and a great joy was the of Preolímpico of the Neuquén Argentina .
With players in them as &apos; Canito &apos; Nieves Paul Alicea and a youth Rolando Hourruitiner in replacement of the players power-sharing for the old of Panamericano the Sea of Plata won gold against all the prospects .
What has been the best player in Rico .
However doubt some that has been Piculín Ortiz .
Their numbers to level of torneos international are very .
Nobody in Rico has dominated to that level as we did Piculín .
And that without count his personal in the different majors that rugby .
Who has been the best leader boricua .
constantly is very difficult .
have been a camada very good that includes to Rhine Toro Flor Meléndez emperor Morales Raymond Dalmau Armandito Torres .
Indeed the young me like a the work of read Arill .
What consideras your greater achievement in the federation .
sheet been part of the era more gloriosa of A-Team National between and the to auditing the BSN had until teams in a season .
What you became for do .
was things that liked wanted implement as the regionalisation of the categories minors .
For example the likely to Ponce only jugaran in its area and only enfrentaran teams the other corners of the Wight in the playoffs national .
Now same the children travel and immigrants too the way unnecessary .
At least see the fruit the rules certification compulsorias and on to leaders official of table and referees .
That me pleased .
What pensioner now .
applies more to successfully is listen music see avert the music the my era in YouTube disfrutarme to my grandchildren and the time in when go to games the basketball .
And clear enjoy the company of my wife Isabel that always been state can .
mare the actor Larry Hagman .
Larry Hagman old the September the in Forth Worth Texas is did inadequacies famous for their role central as John Ross Ewing more known as &apos; J.R &apos; , in the series of television &apos; Dallas &apos; , in the that Lunes to a man of business without unscrupulous , malicious and manipulative .
Larry Hagman whose role as the doublespeak magnate sinking J.R. Ewing in the series Television &apos; Dallas &apos; is became the one symbol of the greed in the 1980s the , has died .
He years .
Hagman that Chamberlain this year as J.R. in a new season the &apos; Dallas &apos; died the Friday for the late due to complications the cancer of agreement with a communiqué the family guidelines to chosen Associated for the Viacom Bros , house 672 the &apos; Dallas &apos; .
&apos; Larry was the driving in its Škottová city home in Dallas Transpartisan another increasingly the role icónico that more him horrible &apos; said the family .
The family the Larry and their friends more closest were to him in Dallas for the feriado of Day the Action the Thank .
Linda accountant to interpretó the role of their wife in the series original and in the sequel was with Hagman when died in a hospital in Dallas said the Jeremy the her professor Lane .
Le was joy to all the that learned .
was creative generous fun gracioso coming and talentoso and we extrañaré regret .
&apos; was a person original and lived the life the maximum &apos; stated accountant in a communiqué .
To Hagman him diagnosticaron cirrhosis in and recognised that in Binge much for years .
In him Angeles a tumour malignant in the liver and is subject to a safe .
Years before the &apos; Dallas &apos; Hagman is did famous in the television as a type decent in the agitation lightly &apos; I Dream European Jeannie &apos; repeating for the chain NBC the to . .
In her interpretaba the captain Tony Mandela a astronaut whose life is sees altered when position to a attractive bottle interpretada for Barbara Eden and is the short to live with him to their home .
was in also the two comedias that shone little time to air &apos; chosen demanding Life &apos; NBC 1971-72 and &apos; Here We Go Again &apos; ABC 1973 . .
Their work in the cinema decision-making paperless well join for the criticism in &apos; chosen Group &apos; Harry loosening Tonto &apos; and &apos; Primary Colors &apos; .
But was his brilliantly interpretation of encantadoramente detestable J.R. the that subsequently to Hagman to their maximum estrellato .
The series dramatic the chain Viacom on the clan Ewing and other tyranny in its fold National the air of April the to May the . .
The phrase promotional &apos; lecturing shot J.R. &apos; thought-out for generate expectation in around the one episode plenary of emotion in the that the personage the Hagman almost is murdered resounding a speculation international and millions of dollars arriesgados in houses the risks .
also helped to respect to the series a record of hearing in this time .
When was revelada the answer in a chapter of November the one average of millions of viewers what sintonizaron and external to &apos; Dallas &apos; in the second programme the entertainment more seen the history , behind the end of &apos; MASH &apos; in , that had million of fewer .
was the sister-in-law the J.R. Kristin interpretada for Mary Crosby cast him soared .
J.R. the embarazó and then the threatened with tacharla the imprisoned to less to being outside the city but others also ones reasons for atacarlo .
Hagman interpretó to it as a corrupt insatiable with a rights carismática a entrepreneur tramposo and a husband infiel that was the his wife alcoholic Sue Siniora Linda accountant , outside internada .
&apos; I know what is you in the lápida the J.R &apos; , said Hagman in . .
should say &apos; Here lies the honest citizen J.R. Ewing &apos; .
This is the only negotiated that lost .
Victoria Principal coprotagonista the series original reminded the Friday to Hagman as someone &apos; enormous inside and outside the screen &apos; .
It fantastic and irreplaceable for millions of admirers in the world and in the hearts of each one of us to had the fate of concern and love .
Ten episodes of the new edition of &apos; Dallas &apos; were contracting ago few months with great success for the channel TNT .
already in that the recording the five of the chapters for the second season and a sixth was in process reported the chain .
Indeed immediate not one a statement of Viacom nor the TNT on how manejará the series of loss of Hagman .
Oriundo the Fort Worth Texas was son of the 1960s and Lunes Mary Martin cast estelarizó works clásicas as &apos; Stream Pacific &apos; and &apos; Peter Am &apos; .
Martin was still a 41-year-old when it had the during their marriage with the lawyer Ben Hagman .
Probó Fortunately in the scenarios theatrical the New York the principle of the 1980s the , and then constructive in the Force the to the England .
Meanwhile was there through the young diseñadora Swedish Maj Axelsson and is married with her .
The partner had two children Preston and Heidi and lived during long-term time in the city modelled the Malibu where appropriately many celebrity .
In tituló their bait &apos; Hello Darlin la Tall loosening Absolutely True non-euro about My Life &apos; .
&apos; not got nothing there is my meant that would to lastimar to someone or afectarlos the wrong function &apos; said to Press Asociada in the time .
After of transplantation the liver is became the mover of the donation of organs and laboró as voluntary in a hospital for attend to the patients fearful .
&apos; The advise them gives value me that with them when disgraceful for their cirugías and then &apos; pursued in . .
Agreed the offer something of comfort as &apos; not fisherwoman be a little embarrassed for a brief time but van to be well &apos; .
was also encountered against the habit of smoking and attended the number campaigns .
Inician course that explora the &apos; End of world &apos; .
Every week the students exploran subjects apocalípticos as the war nuclear the zombies the virus and germs and the warming global .
This six when the teacher in religion Stuart Charmé decided Flavourings a degree on the end of world knew that had to a anzuelo irresistible The end of the &apos; long account regresiva &apos; of Calendario Maya the December the that is the clings many people as a test of the are next the end of world .
But Charmé not had idea of this is you anticipated in the next couple of months The cataclísmico Mitch Sandy a stand fiscal that some have called &apos; deudarmagedón &apos; and a growing conflict that labelling to Israel the place where the questions Christians of all the day clout to being commence the Apocalypse .
&apos; not me realised account of the issue cards to be the months more apocalyptic that has misunderstanding &apos; said Charmé this week to the students of the University Rutgers-Camden New Jersey . .
If each analysing what is the state doing in the world today in day as if at the days and illustration this has been a period really good .
And remember that bad is good for Especially the mentality sway .
And him not a single professor that offer courses on the &apos; end of world &apos; this six in theory the last the history .
In Temple the teacher Deputy Mr Vacker is running the course &apos; Media Culture and the end of world &apos; .
Every week the students exploran subjects apocalípticos as the war nuclear the zombies the virus and germs and the warming global .
&apos; looked for what these ideas proliferan with the time &apos; said and the function in the offered scenarios hypothetical that inform certain Code human .
If the material nuclear chunk in hands of terrorists for example could erupt a war .
This month the students experts films with subjects apocalípticos and exploraron how is compare with examples of the life real .
&apos; have treaty of information to the students on this is a possible likely credible and impossible &apos; said Vacker .
In the campus main the University imposition of Pennsylvania the teacher of History the Latin Matthew Restall and their colleague Amara Solari a teacher adjunta the History of College and Antropología have done team to modify a degree entitled just &apos; The end of world &apos; .
&apos; not agregamos la for count always with the option of instruction the course of new in case of the world not been bring &apos; said Restall .
Despite to the &apos; spelling ruin &apos; the students must observer generate projects and taken examinations late .
In Penn State the examination final be that the eve of Apocalypse what is not leaves to the students another option more to work &apos; until the same night in the are supposed to the world stops &apos; said Restall .
The courses unexpected quite popular .
&apos; They saturó in two hours &apos; said Restall on its course for students with high average is being I with students .
received messages for e-mail electronic during weeks and weeks before the beginning of six the people to motivate if still in place .
The students by their part fairly that the course is one of the most interesting .
&apos; I is fascinating see what is for the people to consolarse to itself same &apos; said Bridgid Powell a student the career in &apos;Religion and Sociology the years of Haddonfield New Jersey in Rutgers-Camden .
And is that the mentality sway secular or religious is only issue of comfort or the absence of same .
Will Wekesa a student the career of Psicología and Enfermería the years said ought seen all the films apocalípticas .
&apos; never had listened on a class that catch teach that &apos; pursued .
applies entertaining .
But circumstances student Ashraf and a least a teacher said believing in the date of expiry of the December .
&apos; Our first project During on the self-fulfilling maya and the certain function what desacreditamos &apos; said Julie Zeglen student the last year in Temple the years and the West Chester .
The mayas never predijeron the end of world is that only a point key in the timetable said Restall .
But acotó that there is breath sway in the culture Western that is dates to several centuries in the people they are the changes to their around prediciendo the end of world .
Internet has caused a booming the these speculation .
&apos; In other Criminals the people not thinking in this &apos; said .
In concentrating in the world of talks English .
Wresinski Dougherty a teacher of religion the University The Salle that orders courses in the death this year replied quickly to the question of whether he on a degree on the &apos; end of world &apos; Hence .
&apos; The Philippines not involved in the end of world &apos; wrote implying a exception of a authority higher .
We a pardon of Pope .
Restall did hold the to what long-term the years is the spoken of many days of trial final and said that if not passes nothing to the December &apos; the people begins to consider the immediate in the next date &apos; or to filosofar that the December is the beginning of a period of seven years the carried the speaker is decided to world .
Estudiantes and teachers is are happening to the lightly the date .
Several said that considerably go to situ &apos; of all the world &apos; .
&apos; Perhaps increasingly elsewhere to some friends to the us riamos together &apos; likened Samira Ford student the communications the years .
