A strategy republican for hinder the re-election the Obama .
The leaders Republican justify his policy for the need the fight against the fraud electoral .
Now well the Centre Brennan viewed this Finally a myth and claims that the fraud electoral is least prevalent in the States United that the number the people that die to cause the fall the a glimmer .
Indeed fact the lawyers Republican not have met more that cases the fraud electoral in the States United in ten years .
A thing is certain matters new provisions Acting adversely to the rate the participation .
In that sense these measures minarán in part the system democratic American .
At contrary the what that happens in Canada the states Americans are responsible the organisation the elections federal in the States United .
And in that same online a majority the governments Americans banning to onwards the , new laws that Turning the process the register or the vote .
This phenomenon is has widespread after the elections the November the , that saw the increase the new representatives Republican in states .
In consequence during the year is introduced projects the law that tighter the exercise of right the vote in states .
The new laws electoral demand that the constituents jointly a document the identity with a photograph addition the a test the citizenship American .
For another part matters laws unemployed the periods the vote early-voting invalidan the right to names as Forrester in the day of polling and finance his right the vote to the citizens with record criminal .
Before the elections the , circumstances state American immediately that the constituents presentaran a document the identity with photograph .
The State the Indiana was the First in demand .
The Court Supreme the States United confirmed in the constitutional the law the Indiana .
For doing the authorities republicanas is quick to womenu'\u2019s that practice to other states .
In the recent years these authorities have supported projects the law in states for press to the constituents to submit a document the identity with photograph .
It important having in account that the contrary the what that happens in Quebec the citizens Americans not disposal the a document the identity universal as the card the Security Social .
Indeed fact a % the citizens Americans is say 21 million the people in age the vote not count with circumstances document the identity with photograph meantime for a agency officials the his state .
For another hand five million the new constituents in reproaches the a document the identity with matters characteristics .
But to often the obtaining of document the identity delays costs more the hundred dollars .
With what opened the new restrictions affecting the function disproportionate to the young the minorities and the people with income low .
In effect a % the afroamericanos a % the people that earn least the dollars the year a % the citizens the more the years and a % the constituents the between and years not count with a document the identity with photograph .
And still there more .
In many states the students the constituents that more ignore to the candidates democrats not can use the document the identity with photograph meantime for his institution .
For another part those ourselves states authorise to the Member the clubs the fishing or the hunting that usually vote to the parties Republican to use the documents issued for these clubs .
Before the circumstances state immediately the test the citizenship for vote .
Arizona was the first state in submit start demand .
Since , a dozen the states has adopted laws that demand that the constituents Suppliers that are citizens Americans .
These measures looking clearly limit the vote hispano .
seems be that two the each three constituents hispanos support the party democrat .
For another hand the legislators Republican supported in find laws that abolían the register the constituents the same day of polling in eight states .
Moreover constrained the right the people and the groups to create a service the aid to the constituents that families names .
These restrictions have consequences .
For example in the elections broadly the , the campaigns the register the constituents contributed the registration the around the million the citizens .
The measures actions since Reformation that the rate the register the new constituents liked in comparison with the year . .
Moreover the legislators Republican adopted laws in other five states that shock the reduction of period the vote for advance .
For example in the elections the in Florida a % the constituents that voted for advance were afroamericanos while that these recent not represented more that a % the constituents of state .
In the case the hispanos happening exactly what same .
These not represent more that a % the constituents what that equivalent to a % the citizens that ignore for advance .
However the white that represent a % of electorate not represent more that the % the citizens that ignore for advance .
For course the legislators democrats and their supporters is have conflicting desire to the adoption the laws that trade-restrictive the registration the constituents .
In this sense the governors democrats have blocked several projects the law .
The Ministry whatever the States United intervened for trials the laws more controversial .
They could in part limit the damage .
For example so only the states adopted the law that immediately the presentation the a document the identity with photograph .
However is undeniable that the new rules actions complicarán the exercise of right to vote in . .
The critical democrats Simitis the character partisan the laws that is have voted already that is clear that with them is intended influence in the results the in the states key .
A report of Centre Brennan the shows that the states that have adopted spoke laws represent the votes necessary in the school electoral for achieve the presidency .
It too soon for Can with certainty if these amendments legislative to scale the system electoral appeal a impact significant in the results the elections presidential the . .
A thing is certain matters new provisions Acting adversely to the rate the participation .
In this sense the measures minarán in part the system democratic American .
Detección of cancer the prostate So Asking the Fishing or not apprising .
In effect the Fishing the PSA where in occasions results erroneous with false results negative or even false results positive after the that is decides perform speeches medical useless .
It a reason more that enough for do client to the men already reticentes the for yes on if Libraries shouldn or not the tests the detection .
Asking the Fishing or not .
have asked advice to two specialists .
In the studies uses in the States United is affecting a great index the chlamydia between the groups the shows for what that is difficult interpret those data and do recommendations ground .
For his part the study European daring certain difference the mortality between the patients that is previously conducted the detection and the that not .
The study with a monitoring to the years proved addition that exists between the and the % the possibilities the infirm metastases if not is has conducted the Fishing the detection .
recommend for therefore the Fishing to onwards the years or to onwards the years if your father has suffered cancer the prostate .
The men the origin afroamericano have a index the risk more high .
The key is taken a good decision a increasingly Previous the cancer .
There cancers aggressive and other cancers that are indolentes .
It truly necessary achieve that the patient understands the rise the risk the his cancer They him must offer all the options possible and not necessarily treat the cancers the prostate that not contravention against the life to long-term term in whose case is must opt more well for a surveillance active the disease .
Today in day many men to the that is them has Previous a cancer not are treaties project that said cancer not is anti-Polish nor passed a risk for his life .
In his place them suggesting a surveillance active the disease and if one onus them offer a treatment .
Determinamos each increasingly with more often criteria precise for decide Who should or not be treaty .
recommend that is Please the Fishing in any case .
But is important that advisable with his doctor for determine if must shouldn the Fishing or not .
Movember has created in collaboration with the society International the Urología a tool that allows assess the pros and the pros of Fishing the PSA .
They can onto this document for the moment only in English but is offer translations inside the little in the next direction http ca.movember.com fr mens-health / prostate-cancer-screening .
Prevention the disease .
Unfortunately not exists a recipe miracle for preventing the cancer .
To despite the progress the investigations the adoption the habits the life healthy continuing remains the best function the reduce the risks the suffer the disease .
eco-labelling that if everything the world comiera well and is asking what enough is could preventing a % the cancers .
&apos; If nobody smoke that rate is accepted the least the % &apos; underlines André Genève spokesman the society Canadiense against the Cancer .
In change evaluamos that around of % the cancers are inherited .
Many other continuing remains completely explainable .
For the society Canadiense against the Cancer the fight against the smoking continues remains a priority to despite the drop of number the smokers .
The tobacco is Sörensen with the % the cases of cancer the lung .
It addition a factor the risk for other types the cancers .
props enormously the health the people .
&apos; Today for today still there million the smokers in Quebec &apos; declared the spokesman André Genève .
A custodianship hopeful motions years later the stop the smoking the risk the die the cancer is reduces to the half .
The weight .
The gordura and the obesity served also the emergence the disease according the SCC .
Incrementan the risks the cancer the breast the bowel and the totally the bathing-water the páncreas and the motheru'\u2019s .
&apos; The investigations Studies that the practice regulate the activity physical during across the life protects against the cancer the breast &apos; Four .
The food .
The authority advised equally limit the consumption the poultry red .
In large quantities for ladder the risks the suffer a cancer Fighting .
The products the charcutería also must avoided .
The preservation the meat for his ahumado fodder or delicious can provoke the training the substances carcinogenic .
&apos; may reputation the cells of authority and wear the development of cancer &apos; us non-smokers .
The minerals .
In the recent years several scientists have studied the strengthening between the complex vitamin and the cancer .
However for the moment their investigations not are unconvincing .
Segú the SCC the studies onset the Vitamin E are contradictory .
Meanwhile that in each the them is Overall a drop the risks the cancer the prostate in another what that is observed was more well a increase .
The effect the Vitamin D in the cancer either is has able determine with clarity .
For another part M. Genève emphasises in the importance the talk on the concerns and the record family the each with his doctor .
&apos; Doing the Fishing the detection not causing cancer &apos; .
The bosón the Higgs in detail .
The announcement of likely discovery of bosón the Higgs resounding a great commotion the summer past and with reason .
They believes in effect that this bosón is involve of mechanism responsible the mass the everything what that exists in the universe nothing more and nothing least .
And what that is more is talking the partícula whose existence Unusual the model standard our best or &apos; least bad &apos; explanation the nature and of behaviour the fight that still not has been notice empirically .
But for the physical not is completely clear that is instrument the Higgs .
relation without place to doubt that exists a new partícula and that is seems much the bosón the Higgs predicted for the model standard .
Moreover new data desvelados this week in a important conference the physical Portuguese in Kyoto seem confirm that yes what is although still missing more data for be completely insurance .
Indeed all ways assume that is talking the Higgs already that the possibilities the mistakes seem few happens the what is talking .
There in this great world a law widespread and inevitable that involves that two things not can found in the same place the same time .
not there function the infringing that rule and not what best too because ready manipulating harm .
Although the physical the particles make a world very complex is has demonstrated that also in her exists a law the these characteristics the principle the exclusion the Pauli that stipulates that two particles not can occupy the same space the same time if are in the same &apos; state cuántico &apos; a &apos; state &apos; that consists unity Similarly the some the their characteristics .
The physical Sensationalist the particles in two categories .
For a part us encountered with the good citizens scanners fermiones that Amendments wisely the principle the Pauli .
And for another are the bosones a laundry buffoons the anarquistas that not has respect for nothing or the least not for this principle what that mean that can found in the same place and the same time .
According the web website chosen Particle Adventure the Laboratorios Berkeley that for true is extraordinary the bosones is earmarked in two groups the restaurateurs the that not problems here and the &apos; particles the strength &apos; for the that the large forces the nature is spreading and with the subjects the bosón the Higgs excellent the some manner emparentado .
These bosones reflection underline here not are the bichos exóticos that could believing .
Indeed fact if failure read this foretold is thanks to a bosón standpoint trivial the fotón or the &apos; partícula the light &apos; that action as &apos; shoot &apos; the strength electromagnetic .
In effect when a partícula with a burden electricity accelerated or changing the direction &apos; desordena &apos; the camp electromagnético in that emphasis environment a little as when gave a stone to a pond .
In this &apos; mess &apos; stems a wavelength electromagnetic the light the infrared the optical etc and this wavelength not is another thing that a fotón is say , each the bosones &apos; Without the strength &apos; .
Campo more stable .
&apos;Madman what same with the bosón the Higgs with the difference the that is talking the another camp the camp the Higgs that needs be &apos; desordenado &apos; for that this bosón hang .
Now well the camp the Higgs is regret more stable that the camp electromagnético For activarlo ago lack reaching to renewables extremely through a little as if is private the a pond Pisa in the that so only a rock gruesa catch varied for the surface .
For doing ago lack a relapse accelerator the particles as the megascience generalized the great colisionador the hadrones is a ring the km the circumference ) for achieve such levels the energy .
The analogy with the camp electromagnético is a new tool that explains the relationship between the Higgs and the mass .
Indeed fact not all the particles nor all the materials Pollution with the camp electromagnético .
Some as the toy what for but other not a piece the role for example not is continue never for yes same grass-roots to the door the a freezing .
And the same manner not all the particles Pollution with the camp the Higgs the that what for have a mass while that the rest how the fotón for true , not the have .
Now well So what &apos; can proof &apos; all matters investigations , question the Madam Plamondon .
For the science this serves for verify the validity of model standard MS and allows addition , that the physical escrutinen the differences between the comments and the predictions of MS .
For his part many want desire that is trouble therefore the unemployed difference could opening a door to a &apos; new physical &apos; that tape revealed holes of model .
This there that say has still enormous shortcomings as that not proposes explanation some relative to the seriousness generalized ups ) or to the fight brown-skinned that constitutes around of % the fight of universe generalized another ups ) .
But not have met such differences in the megascience until the moment .
Impact .
The impact the spoke investigations in our day to day are difficult the predict but not create that us mistaken the say that not noon none .
For that won to medium-long the years , the pioneers of infrared in the laboratories not sospechaban in absolute the revolution that their jobs provocarían .
Entreveían the applications scientific but nothing more .
Indeed fact as already said the physical Willard Boyle that worked in the laboratories Bell where is invented the infrared in , and that named the first infrared continuous the first were pulsados in , the principle the infrared was more well considered a &apos; aircraft the laboratory &apos; .
Imagine .
And addition the applications can also proceed the across the wider that surrounds to the research .
For example the same Willard Boyle named a captador the light in the During the his research in fight the angles .
To despite the that not was in absolute his intention original this captador serves now the &apos; eye &apos; for all the appliances digital of world what that him sway the Nobel the physical in . .
That not wants say for course that the activities of LHC organize necessarily so-called our lives but that never is knows .
Long-term palliative The best manner the die &#124; Le Devoir .
In his Commission Morir in dignity Quebec bids recently the sensitive issue of end the life .
The debate must joined soon while is prepares a project the law .
Now well inside the that dominance essential still there much that do .
Le Devoir has tried anybody the closely .
ago hardly should weeks the Mr L. ironically only in his flat the Montérégie .
The cancer the prostate that him was destroying him had prioritised a four-year the two years .
&apos; I previously prioritised five years the life but already wearing case seven &apos; tracing fact a passes tumbado in his bed in the centre the care palliative Victor-Gadbois the Beloeil to the that arrived the day previous .
&apos; But always is a shock not can be prepared for this &apos; continues .
The disease him has caused havoc a weakness enormous that him prevents go only the bathing and even feed for yes only .
Sentado cope to a apetitoso lunch accepts resigned that him assist to feed .
Valiente arrives even to smile to talk with the strangers that him play attention him Practice medicines and him offered a bathing .
The courage the death ordinary .
&apos; My greater desire is that me curen the diarrhoeal is humiliating &apos; admits .
Good hours more afternoon the team reconstruct cure to that bad .
&apos; In the During the our lives projects that a man ago pis the ordinary &apos; tracing Pierre Brodeur psychologist in the centre Victor-Gadbois .
Back to his childhood for find people is a humiliation unacceptable .
&apos; That depends the capacity the person for accept that regression &apos; complaints .
Because according the opinion the majority the people that employed in care palliative the large moment have place in the heart same the that regression .
all the patients that Expenditure in the centre the care palliative Victor-Gadbois packet cancer .
They a prognosis the life maximum the three months .
In that state the team the doctors and nurses that them excessive already not offered the care &apos; curative &apos; .
The greater fear the Mrs Pelinka the years is die &apos; restrictions and ahogada &apos; .
But the disease him has fact compromising to their children .
&apos; I few good children &apos; adds .
&apos; already not me left more wishes in this life &apos; says before the accept that is him absurd a mascarilla for redouble to breathe .
And expected in the coming days a final visit the his son that lives in Italy .
In Victor-Gadbois is provides with a group the voluntary the care of body and aid to the food .
are care palliative that is them babies when not is can do nothing more .
For help to that his death make more confortable .
In Quebec accommodating with a bed the care palliative for each inhabitants .
It very little already that know that all an lay somewhere day .
Here the life continues in the best conditions possible explains the Lon Christiane Martel a the male of centre .
already make to level the comfort physical emotional or spiritual .
At moribundo is him offered enjuagues the mouths with brandy or Pepsi according the demand .
To the diabetics already not is them controls his rate the sugar .
The death manner part the what everyday .
Yesterday for the night him uses a beer the Mr X that died in the During the night .
This morning his son is the beer to the feet of Patriarch .
&apos; Ayudamos therefore to the patients as to their beings loved &apos; tracing Gevrij Savard verging the care .
In the centre Victor-Gadbois the days going without be never equal .
At hand the a man the years that saborea his final meeting family in the yard well sympathizer between their almohadas while all intrusively to his health a young the years dies the manner tragic surrounded for their parents his woman and their two children after They tried everything for survive .
&apos; Since ago six months always there the three to five caged Top for people minors the years positively the cancer &apos; is are the Lon Christiane Martel .
A % the patients that are admitted in the centre Victor-Gadboisarrivent next the his house and a % of hospital .
problem of access to care palliative .
A % the Canadians simply not has access to the care palliative is say to the care weakened for alleviate the suffering when a ill arrives to the phase terminal the his life make in his home in the hospital or in a centre the care .
And several bodies as the centre Victor-Gadbois and the society the care palliative to home of Cardiff Montréal is especializan almost exclusively in the care the patients with cancer .
It precisely that great we relative in the care health the Quebec what that ago that many doctors specialising in care palliative fisherwoman the adoption the a law that noise the euthanasia and the suicide attended .
Since the month the October a evident signed for eminencias the care palliative as the Dr Balfour Mount and the Dr Shaw Lapointe freely for demonstrate his opposition to stand initiative .
According the Lon Christiane Martel the system health the Quebec not is what enough competent as for ensure that anybody purchase right to care palliative the quality before the that is accept proceed with the euthanasia .
&apos; Recently &apos; tracing &apos; I seen to a patient pass days in Urgencias suffering large aches without that is hear fact what necessary for relieve .
fear that the patients newcomer die only because not receive the care Will &apos; .
And parallel many oncólogos is obstinan with their patients until the Finally day to despite the worst prospects .
The hopes the survival the Hélène Richard were already under minimum when showed a treatment the chemotherapy exhausting .
&apos; When him spotted to my oncóloga that wanted stop the treatment her me said that him looked lot worth that like stop the fight &apos; tracing .
&apos; However generalized her me had said that not had nothing more that do &apos; .
not there care todopoderosos .
The Lon Martel believes that a % the ill that dropped die grateful to their carers that not them Europe dealt in their demands a increasingly is them has relieved his pain thanks to a team the care palliative .
But there that say that the care palliative not are absolutely todopoderosos in what that Concerning the treatment of pain .
According Elsie Monereau verging the care palliative to home the Cardiff Montréal the patients not answer to the treatments against the pain in a % the cases .
At final the life the doctors usually resort to the sedating palliative that serves for ball the patient until the moment the his haemorrhaging already make the manner circumventing or the manner permanent .
not can pretend that not closing that part of suffering .
Every increasingly more the disease not reassured goes to having the possibility the having that sedating palliative .
The ill that not are aliviados say all what same &apos; I want die &apos; .
But that not wants say necessarily &apos; want the euthanasia &apos; but &apos; want that me alivien &apos; .
The realisation the this Nature has been possible thanks to a scholarships the journalism the institutes the research the health the Canada .
Escándalos rented the great generously in Quebec .
detailing the network created employers of BTP collector the funds the parties politicians and specialists the mafia Italian count day after day what that know the a frontier &apos; system &apos; of that form part the industry the construction officials politicians unionists and landing .
A &apos; industry &apos; that went too expensive to the taxpayers natives on everything in the years and . .
&apos; hard remarkable how the system is pulveriza a increasingly have head-hunted to the large media &apos; ironiza Jacques Duchesneau spoke in Quebec and former head the Police the Montreal .
dear lideró the outbreak of scandal in that was possible thanks to a research to fund on the embezzlement compounded to contracts the roads in Quebec that the first minister liberal the that moment Jean Charest , not had consented more that in likeness .
The &apos; report Duchesneau &apos; set a link direct between the industry the funding compelled the parties and the corruption between officials .
&apos; Since the start the research in so only the ministry the transport is would saved thousand million the dollars in contracts &apos; , analysing some the their violates the Missing with a part proportional .
The Commission Charbonneau &apos; already has fact fall to two mayors &apos; adds while expected power reaching to &apos; demonstrate the ploys existing behind the individuals &apos; .
A unit permanent corruption created in .
The Unit permanent corruption created in is applies also with his team the controllers , researchers and analysts of government .
This unit works addition the policemen the &apos; the ill-defined Marteau &apos; that since , have fact that the &apos; cartel of placing &apos; the Montreal is modere to the hour the inflating contracts .
These latest weeks the unit has mortgage the registration in series the accusations for fraud and corruption against charges municipal as Frank Zampino and Richard Marcotte Mayor the a city the stopped .
The next the list would Savary Vaillancourt that ends the resign the his project the Mayor the Laval third city the Quebec .
They suspicion that is has embolsado bombing bribery to change the contracts public .
They has accused formally to engineers the network created the Montreal and to employers the origin Italian as Tony Accurso and Lino Zambito .
This Finally has caused commotion the explain to the committee the mechanics of &apos; system &apos; the obtaining the contracts public .
dear same cost during three years a % of value the contracts gulf in Montreal to a broker bound to the mafia that transfirió the money to dimension Montréal the party of Mayor Gérald Tremblay .
M. Zambito repartió money to Behaviour and Behaviour during the years granting more the dollars Canadians few EUR to parties provincial , on everything to the Liberals in the power .
Admitió equally ought organised a laptops the funds illegal for the ex-viceprimera Minister liberal Gevrij Normandeau .
The inflation of cost the contracts the placing .
In Montreal the &apos; system &apos; the corruption work with efficiency .
Savary Surprenant exingeniero the works public what mover perfectly foremost the committee in ten years received gifts invitations to travel torneos the golf restaurants parties the Ice and bribery the companies of sector the construction for a total the dollars everything doing to change the contracts the placing whose costs flair .
Other officials the network created have admitted that received money for inflating the bills between a % and a % in concept the false extra .
Moreover a inflated of party of Mayor Martin Dumont unauthorised to M. Tremblay the ought fact the view blind deliberately to a budget parallel and I their coffers the money dirty .
To root the these revelations M. Tremblay resigned to principles the November and subsequently to Montreal to a crisis enormous .
Chantal Rouleau was a the initial policies listened the Montreal that did sound the alarm .
As mayor-making of district the Rivière-des-Prairies in the this the island is opposed since to the sale the a ground municipal distinct for million the dollars and revendido for million to the promoters in plenary boom estate .
The % of money the campaigns electoral was money dirty .
Indeed the research that finally is Possibly to carried her ensures that remuneration &apos; the a balance for power understand the functioning of system infiltrado for hormigas for stop the gangrena and fishing to the guilty &apos; .
And adds that the process is &apos; painful but positive &apos; .
We holidays the injured but newspapers lack a unit the research clean in Montreal and be very vigilant for that the practices dubious not is repeated .
How do the cleansing .
Regularmente .
Jacques Duchesneau for his part states that &apos; the officials have stolen hundreds the million the dollars &apos; but is inquieto on everything for the role the la &apos; politicians elected the aware the ploy &apos; .
Estimando in a % the proportion the money dirty that is liquidity to the funding the campaigns electoral in Quebec ironiza &apos; me have said that not is more that a watered-down parent the reality &apos; .
The government quebequés proposes limit to dollars the donations to parties but that not change the donation according him &apos; while not is Crucially strictly the expenses electoral will money dirty in the policy &apos; .
Preconiza a review top-to-toe of system the fair the contracts public and the funding the parties &apos; not can fall more under go the fund the things with courage us permit rebuild the house with should foundations more solid with more controls and laws &apos; .
If this history pleasure the image international the Quebec and the Montreal M. Duchesneau taught to Especially that is laughing to include the mirror .
&apos; The PSG not is the Groningen Barcelona &apos; .
This season has distinct a new entity with the PSG .
How sensed that breakthrough .
They could explain for a decision-making the awareness individual but also for the new dimension of PSG .
They arrived large players .
Avanzo the day in day to his hand .
The personal technical also me has brought much .
And those elements me migration to daily to raising the level the my game .
In a party that is more easy .
All goes very quickly in the football .
But I not me acaloro .
Since my medium-long in the centre the preformación the INF Clairefontaine until my step for Saint-Etienne always I moved to steps leaps .
task to obtain benefit the competition reclutada for Carlo Ancelotti .
The recruitment the this summer are numbers to Perhaps parties the very high-level level .
that each Invariably is crucial .
That ago that a player as I purchase dwell the fight and help everything .
For another part Carlo Ancelotti me provided much in As to my strengthen .
Has broadly for Along as Claude Makelele that jugaba in the same position that I .
Ancelotti is the man that Widespread the team .
For course .
Ancelotti disposition respect to all the technical .
Today for today not there nobody Like in the League and is between the best entrenadores Europeans .
he a great experience and has cattle numerous titles with the best clubs .
He worked with large players .
believe that is Possibly other titles in Paris .
In January had a conversation very comforting with him .
I coordinating the escape the a series the injury .
The confidence that has in me explains also my good performance .
What thinks on the PSG in the first part the season .
In the League , Lyon us has taken the project the leader .
But still in the ambush .
One the our elderly objectives is the League the champions us have life-saving for the octavos the final with lifestyle .
What is the objective of club in this competition .
Are to treat the reaching what more far possible .
To onwards the now can pass any thing .
But have much that say cope to many and very good teams Europeans .
want for begin overcome the first the our Politically cope the Oporto for power receiving the presumably the octavos the final .
The PSG can norm in a great club European to short term .
already has the budget .
For norm in a great club European Paris has that win titles and be Hence to long-term term .
Today for today that not is the case .
To level economic the PSG is submitted to their media for that project is constantly .
not win the glass in the League as in the final season , So banana a great failure .
For course would a great disappointment .
This year going to invest all our efforts in criminality that title the champions .
In the final season not enshrined far .
In May us We a disappointment already that back-up with the conditions privileged for abolish first .
Andersson a season strong .
coal with points .
usually with points should ought been champions .
But another team the Montpellier had a season quite best .
This year believe that be the good .
Even if the large teams as the Marseille the Lyon and the Bordeaux fighting for the title believe that accommodating with the weapons for llevárnoslo .
Do that the media expect more of PSG .
It normal that fares much the us if world in what that is has investments in the players that have .
applies have accepted completely .
After the that ganáramos in house to Troyes that still is trouble with things that absence is a little frustrating .
We might what more expected the People .
never benefits win all the purposes the week .
not are the Groningen Barcelona .
try the put in march a project the game .
A team is build with time .
In the League the champions have demonstrated that can respond and be present .
Look the Manchester season-ticket that after two IFREMER not has achieved roughly for octavos the final and them also have investments regret .
In view the sums alas you imaginaríamos with points the advantage to the hours .
That would neglect to our adversaries and the championship the France .
Lyon and Marseille that not were well the season previous is have seen &apos; promising &apos; for this new PSG .
That shows that the League is exciting .
hope that in May can say with a rights that to despite the all the difficulties have ended llevándonos the Leterme .
The PSG seems completely dependent the successes the Ibrahimovic .
better that finished that have a &apos; Zlatandependencia &apos; .
That wants say that Ibrahimovic is very competent and that bottom many goals .
He womenu'\u2019s for demonstrate that is the star the League . .
And has demonstrated in all the teams for the that has past that is a great player a star global .
In the group respect the man and the player .
And him also respects to the men that has to his around .
applies that has fact is truly exceptional .
That violates to the others to increase his level the game .
Thiago Silva each the best defenders of world allows also that all enable .
How Olivier through the championship with the team the France .
He been a disappointment .
was very himself for participate in this championship .
Unfortunately my injury me prevented consecutively time the game .
racked things Hence and pretty reinforced .
Today achievement play good parties in the selection .
It what that anticipated since my baptism with the &apos; blues &apos; .
Did the lesson the what that Commissioneru'\u2019s in Ukraine and to doing is must that today us a behaviour exemplary .
What vision future of first month the Didier Deschamps the cope the &apos; blues &apos; .
Has moving results .
Are well located in the group the classification for the World .
The seleccionador is stringent practicable to the players and disposition to win .
As was the case the Laurent Mont-Blanc .
But not want do comparisons .
Mont-Blanc annexed his objective the clasificarnos for the championship .
hope that Didier Deschamps carried to the selection to Brazil .
The score 1-1 of the October in Spain constructive for lay the foundations .
scheme game us only confidence .
Every each peleó for all .
Before the that shock in Spain not had through a game vary in across my career .
With Bitcoin pay and sell without banks .
All what contrary to the exchanges monetary current object in the banks central the transactions Potočari and the burdens the prosecution between the parties .
Moreover as to often happens in the technologies the vision policy is curtailing the conviction the that the system monetary current constituted the monopolies Serious brings to the crisis financial .
Indeed fact Bitcoin Zuse for Satoshi Nakamoto a pseudónimo is to the increasingly a currency virtual converted to dollars EUR etc and a protocol the change safe to the function the BitTorrent , that allows the exchange the file the Like to Like .
They have recorded closely the transactions thanks to computers the network .
And closely the few thousand websites website accepted the bitcoins as donations or as manner the payment .
The prices of bitcoin after ought arrived to the top the dollars crash EUR in June the fell to dollars five months more afternoon , before the again today to haunt the ten dollars the contributions is censan in the web bitcoincharts.com . .
not is nothing impressive if what compared with the changes world in currency real or in products financial .
However the Bank Central European ECB is crusades for him in a report on the coins portals published in October .
In him is described the bitcoin as &apos; the currency virtual with more success &apos; that competing with the dollar or the euro &apos; and &apos; similar to the coins conventional &apos; .
Bitcoin is difference the other systems with types the coins portals as the &apos; appropriations &apos; used for important in a vídeojuego and that is can win playing or is can buy and even in occasions canjear . .
The network social Facebook developed also this type the system .
But in everything exchange a authority central controls and talking the changes .
With the bitcoin all the nodes the network are to the increasingly trustees the books the accounting verifiers issuers the currency and buyers and sellers .
How works that network .
Every compromise between two users is ago in reality between two directions Electronic in manner the e-mail electronic .
A user can choose a direction different for each payment ensures case the pushers .
A whole the information compounded to this compromise is signing electronically to via the a system the Echelon to twice key .
The network can case verify the authenticity the compromise .
Thank the content of Mens is also possible ensure that the changes the bitcoins record in the book the accounts public that is disseminate for across the network .
The milestone key prevent in write that new compromise in that book .
This passes for the resolution the a challenge mathematics ordnance to the computers and the winner a species the banker central provisional noon the privileged the add that online supplementary .
They talking the a phase the troceado the Mens is say the transformation the a great Mens in a imprint Numerical more shorter and unique .
The computers &apos; doing &apos; the new compromise and Four a number before the &apos; trocear &apos; the whole .
The objective is find the number that offer a imprint particular more zeros the principle . .
A increasingly that is position that number the other nodes verifican easily that is the good .
The compromise is position then indestructiblemente meanwhile to the chain the sets the other transactions across modification replaced the imprint .
If for commit a fraud a user like pay two sometimes with the same money very quickly in least the ten minutes the network only perhaps as reasons a the two transactions the another is stay huérfana , already that sides have fingerprints different .
The computer that tried the challenge is brings bitcoins .
For avoid the inflation that reward is divides in two regularly with probably before of final the . .
The number the bitcoins in movement is therefore limited to million but are divisible until the cienmillonésimo what that leaves a margin broader .
The difficulty the this challenge is reveals also in each increase the power the calculation .
The life the network has already their downs .
The websites website that offered services for Bitcoin have been attacked and is have stolen bitcoins in exempting .
&apos; The ruling used not affects the same protocol &apos; ensures Pierre Noizat that ends the launch Paymium a company the payment in currency real that used the network Bitcoin .
The ECB has in account addition the possibilities the blanquo the money thanks to this service anonymous .
But the money in transactions where the same fault .
The actors the weight as Wikipedia reject the payments the this type .
Other as the platform Wordpress the accepted .
Recently accuses Shamir and Dorit Ron of Insitito Weizmann in Israel experts the book the accounting and deaf that closely of % the bitcoins not freely .
In November is Land the &apos; cheap giants &apos; .
&apos; They changed dollars &apos; is regocija Jon Holmquist that works for Coinabul that becomes the bitcoins in gold .
Pierre Noizat author the a book hashish on that currency believes quite in the potential the this technology addition the in the network the transactions .
Their system Paytunia equivalent to a card the credit in currency real or to a payment for mobile without contact but used Bitcoin for headings the transactions that case happily more cheap .
The SLORC addition managed his identity and can for therefore tall in the pushers .
The system is easy the put in march in the shops that not have that installing new terminals nor softwares .
them enough with supply a direction that a telephone conclusion &apos; fotografiar and recognise &apos; organization Pierre Noizat that ensures having thousands the users .
There a movement general the review the systems aggressor for systems more horizontal .
&apos; will lack a time for that Bitcoin is fare but in could ought a change &apos; predice .
For another part in his report the ECB provides enhance the risks various today considered salaries in case the that this currency purchase success .
have won the Afghanistan .
And later .
The troops French abandoned his zone the responsibility in Afghanistan Kapisa and Surobi . .
The NATO and the Americans must escape to purposes the . .
It hour the that the army spelling economics possession the his territory and that the Afghan choosing his future without wait nothing the us .
have punish on everything to the peasants Afghan to the that have considered terrorists .
And to us ourselves with our soldiers murdered more the injured and the teenagers .
The Taliban count with extremist foreign and ancient Heads refugees in Pakistan but to often also with peasants that reject the presence of army abroad as in the times the Soviets .
want defend their traditions ancient and arcaicas even if to their causes is beings.&apos; the Jihadist the mercifully the Arab the uzbecos or the tayikos .
Tolerados to sometimes even house for the insurgents local accurately already not what vision when the Western is emphasized more discreet .
The starting the troops French the basis the Nijrab that I since what high-level the hill peaches the almendros thanks to the appropriations French is did for agenda .
The convoys the lorry and the tanks el to Kabul without suffer circumstances attack spotlight for the helicopters .
not will Next the Taliban in Kabul to onwards the late the . .
The circumstances have changed since his breakthrough irresistible between and . .
Kabul was then gap and the country dragged in firearms and blood to cause the struggles between different factions .
Their decision-making the control of country had been perceived as a species the liberation the return to the safety .
The Afghan have paid the price of obscurantism the their peasants behind for the organisation Al-Qaeda but his situation not is best today .
The Old muyahidines the government current and the current Taliban stake the desire the maintain to the women in a position inferior .
The main personalities the war antisoviética mercifully the power in . .
They have become in speculators manipulating with land non-governmental for revenderlos as mirrors for the refugees that have journey the Iran and Pakistan multinational to the couple the enormous contracts American the trained .
Are desacreditados the majority the them not have fought .
The People according I heard in the camp ambition to a government that not protecting formed for honour .
Many young want leave as also is disgraced the that have Ali profit the generosity American the flight the capital is considerable .
The young are tired the war and the their ideologies .
They through the world modern during their exilios in Iran or Pakistan and have appreciated their advantages .
With around the a % the his population unemployed the years Kabul account now same with million the inhabitants a fifth part the population total .
In the cities the schools state are flooded therefore the girls as the children .
Will that give work to those young that not childless again the obscurantism the ancient parties nor to the corruption the revealed leaders .
all including the opposition armed are fevered the mobile The television and their folletines Turks that similar a world modern has large admirers in everything the country .
The army is now Minutes .
They Follow-up legitimate the authorities that want directing the country .
The ancient staff the fight antisoviética is America already the Contact the militias provincial that huirán of power central .
Afghanistan country the mountains the strong identities local should power benefit the a certain decentralization to image the nations Western However the States United what have wanted so-called in a state centralised with a power presidential strong seeks the project of first minister that existed since the Constitution the . .
The president Karzai not wants the control abroad in particular with reason the elections lifting in April the . .
not However his country depends the aid foreign since the years and even before .
No industry has reestablecido their services not is has managed circumstances embalse nor is have repaired the systems the Irrigation important .
All is imported and not is produces nothing except fruit and vegetables .
The priority is leaves to the initiative private .
In a country ruined after years the war would been necessary the control officials .
They expandió the rumour the that Afghanistan possessed Massive riches mines .
And that not did more that increase the sense the that the Western were Hence for seizing the them .
However energy for draw the mineral the iron or the cableway of ground and without media the transport for export to via the mountains not there exploitation mining .
The Chinese already almost have abandoned the mines the cableway the Month Aynak letting that the exhibit international financed for the Bank World excaven the relapse agonising búdico and remain there as the employers more important the province .
will also lack that Afghanistan and Pakistan country of that depend widely the imports and the exports restored their relations normal .
The troops French how the November .
The new treaty the cooperation provides the continuation the aid traditional schools the girls schools the children a department the French in the university the Institute veils the cooperation in the fields military legal health and agricultural and the support to the delegation resist .
Since with the subjected the try &apos; gain the hearts and the Tunisian &apos; and the perform the impossible task the do that the aid and the actions offensive coincidan , a service the &apos; actions civilians and military &apos; of Ministry the Defence Cimic , of in , assassins and did attract to via the a small NGOs French numerous jobs the interest collective and actions the rehabilitation agricultural in tens the villages the mountain .
These jobs golosos the obtain momentum the masterpiece local have able help to contain the uprising irrigation wells water drinking reforestation trees fruit protection solar and increase the aside the cultivation .
What euro-zone as remember after two million the EUR the expenses military .
A budget more well modest contribute to the improvement the conditions the life local very tough in those gorgonzola located to often to more the metres the height .
The queue received tens the demands asking with small proposals agricultural investment for communities local the province the Kapisa .
For that is rescinded the uprising Inquiry to carried for the groups foreign something that the farmers me have said that want newspapers lack maintain a small aid civil well controlled and that them comes directly .
A Constitution with fórceps in Egypt .
It a new twice or nothing of president Mohammed Morsi .
Meanwhile that Egypt is more divided that never in As to the declaration constitutional that him bestows provisionally powers non-citizen him decided play the everything for the everything .
Cogió to everything the world for surprise the Wednesday when announced that the Assembly constituent shadow his text final the day next .
ago so only a week the head the State had prioritised two months more to start Assembly for overcome their jobs .
And ago almost two years that Egypt shop a text provisional several sometimes amended what that distorts the stability institutional and brings to embrollos judicial .
This new initiative not has fact more that increase the rift in the country .
For their opponents the president upheld in his &apos; delusion autocrático &apos; and continues &apos; betraying his word &apos; and &apos; trampling the right &apos; .
For part the their supporters is ensures that is talking the a measure for overcome more quickly with the crisis institutional and policy and speed the process the transition .
In the coming days should mood a referendum .
A span the time very short that obliges to the Muslim to renounce to his project the explain the text Article for Article to the Egyptians .
For the president is talking also the a manner the recover a legitimize popular and democratic while the discussion cause havoc in everything the country .
Mohammed Morsi seems convinced the that the Egyptians radicals to his favour as stated in a interview the respectable American Viacom .
kick that resource is has voted with lot quickly contains a ultimatum for the people Egyptian &apos; or ignore my text or stay the powers non-citizen &apos; powers that supposed audience to his end with the adoption the Constitution .
It in that environment strange in the that Member the this Assembly constituent Islamist in his great majority voted the text yesterday .
The majority the Liberals not turned to the notice .
To middle the November a little before the declaration constitutional previously closed the door because considered that not could do assert their points the view .
The representatives the rights human the minorities religious and the society civil Those what same .
To end the that is pleasure the quorum necessary yesterday for the morning is Yes to people Member substitutes to across haste .
Some the them are very closest to the Muslim Muslims .
As endure wait the articles highly-qualified what have been for unanimity .
To the commentators them ago grace for another part the fact the that a the few discrepancies the hours is hear expressed virtually to the hour the sentence therefore is case that several Member of committee arrived to thinking that the clock the constituent was bad .
The text that yesterday afternoon was still remains voted consists the articles .
The Article subjected the all the eyes , continues remains finally adding the Constitution the , that wagon that &apos; the principles the Sharia constitute the source main of right &apos; .
The parties salafistas for who the establishment the law Islamic is a vindication fundamental expecting that is suitable replace &apos; the principles &apos; for &apos; the rules &apos; what that liked allowed a application more strict .
For the Islamists that this Article not hear been amended is a guarantee the his good willingness and the his respect towards the other components the society Egyptian .
The Liberals what tachan the hypocrisy and publicity that not is talking more that the a sleight advertising .
According them the Islam the Constitution is ago to via the other articles .
They referring in special the Article that dynamic to the University Al-Azhar a role advisory , in particular for everything time that hear the confirm his compliance with the laws the Sharia .
According the specialist in Egypt Sophie Pommier is worrying because &apos; the People so-called to anyone not is elected and not has none legitimacy democratic .
Here detect the premises the a theocracy &apos; .
The fears the Liberals is Supposing addition increased for the fact the that the next rector the start university would quite least moderate that the current .
&apos; For now not there a involvement religious concrete .
With this Constitution are in the framework of state civil .
The majority the lawyers that have working in that text not are mullah but university some the them educated in the system French &apos; explains Alexis Blouet that prepares a submit on the transition constitutional Egyptian .
But recognises that can ought certain ambiguity in surrounding the Article , therefore the terms employees imitan the vocabulary religious .
&apos; We talking in concrete the term iqh case-law Islamic ndlr . .
And the question that could arise in the future would in what measure are the judges civilians competent for anyone for above the everything this &apos; .
Over beyond the his character religious the text voted yesterday has received many criticisms that is referring to the powers prize that dynamic the president the Republic .
The Muslim Muslims alegarán that are few in comparison with the that were during the previous regime .
Another point contention the powers conferred the army .
accordance the desire the military the review of budget the Defence not be subjected the Parliament but to a advice national the defence .
Nor is banned the bundle the civilians in courts military as protestors the associations for the defence the rights human .
These also deaf their concerns relating the text that publicity curtailing .
The crime the blasphemy is keeps and the now in forward the insults are prohibited what that could rail serious consequences for the freedom the expression on everything the press .
Moreover circumstances Article emphasises the protection the women underlines Heba Morayef the Rights Watch .
According her what unique positive has been the ban the torture the agreement with the Article . .
The word not invented in the Constitution previous .
Although the president Egyptian publishes escape yesterday for the night in the television is capitalists demonstrations for this midday .
The supporters of head the State is signals the Saturday .
In Israel to the tourists Ukrainian them expect the land holy the exalted of world and a sea the brined .
The Earth promised condemnatory the ambivalent the truths bíblicas with the comfort modern and a prístina nature .
&apos; AIF &apos; lighthouse the five reasons more important for the that is must visiting Israel .
Reverencia in the Earth Holy .
benefiting the worth visiting the river where Jesus was soup .
They believes that anybody that joining in this &apos; battery bautismal &apos; eminent the grace god-given .
And Operation the place the miracles the Jesus the conversion the water in wine in the wedding walking on the waters the appeasement the storm and the networks teem .
In this same place Jesus Spiegelu'\u2019. foremost their Disciples later the ordained .
But the greater amount the places holy is position in Jerusalem .
The believers travel here the Viacrucis or the route the Cross the Jesus in Latin &apos; Approach Dolorosa &apos; . .
starts in the Fortress the Di the Pretorio where is completed the trial and continues for the streets the City levelling goes the survived Sepulcro in the Athos Gólgota the place the crucifixión to the Stone the Unción and the place the resting-place the Jesus .
In this same place is position also the Ombligo Christian symbolic of world that symbolises the saved the humanity .
And the monastery the Holy Cross in Jerusalem built in the place where according a residual Christian had a tree of that is did the cross for the crucifixión the Jesus .
In Jerusalem is position also the place more sacred for the Jews the Wall the Wailing the leftovers the a temple destroyed for the Romans in the year DC .
As is tradition People the different religions leaves here answering with their wishes that then is realised reality .
Making a journey side .
The ruins the Fortress Masada was what that became the a refuge secret against the enemies that Herod the been unable build in the year to contracted for his family .
They lie in the acantilados the mountain to a height the m3 on the level of sea .
And reaching until there for their own media only can Especially that is devoted to the escalation .
The others can reaching to this summit historic in the funicular .
And in the north of country to a altitude the m3 is position the famous station the ski Hermón where in the months the winter there a great Next the tourists .
far there since the ordinary the hill is offered services the bus .
The length total the runway the ski is the km .
According a former residual in the top the mountain supposed habitaban gods paganos .
Visiting museums ones .
In this country there around the museums .
In a only journey not podrás visit all .
But purpose the worth visiting for what least five the them the more interesting .
Among them is the Museum the Israel nearing closely the Knesset Parliament Israeli . .
In him is Globally the ancient Manuscritos of Sea Rhine-Main-Danube or Rollos the Qumrán investigations in the underground of desert the Judea and around the thousand parts archaeological and antropológicas .
benefiting the worth visiting the Museum the College in Tel .
In his exhibition the varnish account with lienzos the impresionistas and expresionistas such as Monnet Pissarro Renoir Cézanne Sisley Matisse Modigliani Apollinaire or artistic .
In Acre is can visiting the museo-baño At Basha that are some rooms the ancient bathing Turks with figures model the visitors and bathers the fights era .
In Cesarea purpose the worth pass for the preserveu'\u2019of museum private Ralli where is can fingers the Parthenon the Rodin and Dalí .
uncertain not there guides boils nor shops the suvenires .
The entry is free and categorically not is accepted donations .
The fifth the Museum of Holocaust or Yad in Tel shows a the pages more changes the history .
The section more tragic is the Memorial the children built in memory the million the children murdered in the camps the concentration and the chambers the gas .
Entras in him and you find in absolute darkness .
The stars brillan .
And sound the names the children Jews and the names the countries in the that lost the life .
Ukraine is mentions also .
Health .
The three main areas attracting the Israel is lie to banks of sea Mediterranean the sea Red and the sea Rhine-Main-Danube .
In each the them there pools parks pedalos delfinarios and museums oceanográficos .
It remarkable that in the sea Red is bathing even in the months the winter already that the temperature of water not low the degrees and the air is heats until the degrees .
The sea Rhine-Main-Danube is still more warm and there is peopled during everything the year .
For true this sea the more exceptional in the world is position in the point more under of planet to m3 under the level of sea .
The waters blue the there are a brined that easily maintain until to the that not know swim .
The landscape the Investigators are truly dreadfully .
The People arrives here for pass courses the treatment with water Smoltine brined and barros curative and fortificar his health in cases the dermatitis allergies asthma eczema artritis bronchitis diabetes and for put in agenda their breached reinforcing .
Tocando the mysteries the 30-year-old .
The retains the part former the Tel the citadel the Jaffa in the coast Mediterranean .
For her Did the famous route maritime that unía Egypt Syria Anatolia and Mesopotamia .
The city is linkage in the ancient myths Greek and Egyptian .
According account the residual was here where Ark built his arca and Perseo rescued to the a Andrómeda with cast in this same place subsequently a long and happy life .
To the tourists them love wander for the struck streets that . the names the signs of Zodiaco .
rod that if tocas the walls in the street the your &apos; same &apos; symbol the short-lived you be favourable .
In Jaffa is can find couples the newly nationals ​ that disgraceful the all parties the Israel and even the other countries for fotografiarse .
And in Cesarea the city of King Herod is can wander for the theatre Roman &apos; taken &apos; the fortress the crusaders .
In the era Roman Cesarea was the city main the Judea and the residence the procuradores Romans included Pontius .
The theatre Great restored is used now for concerts night and performances the opera .
Turistas remember .
If travels to Israel not is worry if his English leaves much that desired in this country around of % the population talks Russian .
The money for this journey not is manifestly initiated in EUR but in dollars that can be easily cambiados to shéquels currently $ 8 shéquels . .
The transport urban is consists mainly the buses but in Jerusalem there tram quickly and in Haifa is position the unique online the metre of country that consists the six stations and connects the City Lower with the City united .
In reality is the a funicular underground .
Air in any type the transport public costs shéquels and for this price is can travel doing transbordo during hours .
In Israel according the tradition Jewish the lottery is Penalty the Sabbat .
Since the night of Friday until the Decommissioning of sun of Saturday markets and shops close and the transport public adjourned his work .
But the Sunday for the morning starts a new week labour .
In many cafés restaurants and hotels only is serves food kosher that excludes meat the pig shell fish without escamas and dishes in the that is combining milk and meat .
uncertain is provides a wider selection the dishes to basis the meat the mountains and lion soup and postres prepared with milk the convenient the traditional &apos;You hebrea so-called hummus great variety the soups the faláfel that are balls the garbanzo molido fruit and vegetables .
In the streets the cities Israelis not is Supposing dogs stray .
In change there many cats well misleading that &apos; is roam to his tailor-make &apos; the function achievement .
For the night portray ex-wife gone even on the ceilings the cars aparcados .
To the ronroneadores them crazy the places concurridos and not reject the exacting .
The rent the a car depending the brand cost the $ Hyundai Getz to $ Quattro A6 Umeå S80 the day .
Moreover of safe that its for $ the day .
And the rent the a bicycle him recycle for shéquels the day .
The tickets to the museums cost a average the shéquels .
Israel in figures .
In dispatching Israel more the three million the tourists the everything the world .
The majority the that arrived to way the country and grown-ups were citizens the US Russia France Germany Italy Kingdom UK and Ukraine .
The Earth regain the January to October was visited for thousand tourists Ukrainian , amount that exceeds in a % the same index of year , before the settlement of regime the visa ​ the February the . .
&apos; The large and powerful &apos; you Possibly until Moscow immigrants savers for the language .
Meanwhile Members and defenders the rights human Statute on the consequences that alerted the law on the examination compulsory already have appeared in the country dupe that trade with Certified &apos; false &apos; .
Every year 13 million the workers immigrants best-seller to Moscow St Petersburg and other cities the Russia .
In his majority are citizens the countries the Asia central Uzbekistan Tajikistan and Turkmenistan .
Their unique objective is win money for help to their families that is have effect in house .
Since the December enters in force a law according the opened each immigrant labour preferably perform a examination for check their knowledge the language Russian .
For now this rule is applicable only for Especially that Rather the intention the work in the sector the provision the services institutions the services Community services domestic and trade the for unemployed .
However with the time as promise in the Service Federal the Migration the examinations is realised obligatory for all the immigrants .
Moreover not be enough with dark the examination the language if not also the history Russian and the foundations the legislation .
The knowledge the language is preferably confirm even for receiving and renew the permit the work .
are exception the citizens the countries where the Russian is the language official .
not employee subject to this law the people that Reformation obtain their Certified the education and Recognition before the dissolution the Union Soviet in . .
Utilidad fatal and defence the rights .
The network the centres examiners work auspices for the Institute the Lengua Russian Pushkin the University the Friendship the repealing the University imposition the Moscow the University imposition the St Petersburg and other institutions the education higher Russian .
The immigrants able stand to the tests in all the cities now same in Russia are open more the centres the this type .
The initiative on the introduction of examination was supported for the Members the Duma imposition and for the Service Federal the Migration .
But the defenders the rights much before the that the law fulfilled in force Reformation many sometimes do this question to the press So And what proof this in reality .
What changes Maintaining the refer of knowledge the language therefore for the Russians as for the own immigrants .
In first place answer the representatives of Service the Migration this permit reduce the number the people that suffer &apos; slavery labour &apos; .
Many People talks today on the defence the rights the immigrants labour explains Victor Sebelev head the representation of Service Federal the Migration the Russia in Tajikistan .
The defence the their rights must It before the his starting .
Only a system the selection organised permit resolve the problem the workers immigrants in a % the cases .
The problems the have the immigrants without profession education the that not know the language nor spend the control doctor .
However the understanding the language claims Sebelev the future immigrant is taken condemned to find people without unscrupulous that with the pretext the help him pains a &apos; viajecito paid &apos; to a Raby and close covacha where him and dozens the other as him is consume during months without food nor documents working the to hours the day .
received a explanations the complaints the our immigrants .
&apos; In his homeland them promise a thing but the reaching are deceived is them deprived the their passports not them paid the wages desperately &apos; confirms the Head the Directorate the immigration labour of Service the immigration the Tajikistan Tolib Sharipov .
not is enoje jefecito .
However while therefore many citizens the republics the Asia Central that want work in Russia recognise that not only not know the language of country the that seek go but that addition in his language own write with difficulty .
For course this not is therefore his fault but his own Unfortunately are few the Outer uzbecos tayikos that Public given the luxury the receiving education primary normal .
This is must to that their families even not have nothing that give the feed to the children for not talk already the vestirlos calzarlos and comprarles what necessary for the school .
At reaching to the adolescence these boys is safeguarded to work to the first opportunity .
It difficult if not is knows the language recognise them .
&apos; One is feel Scott and inferior &apos; .
However in what that is refers to the law on the language the defenders the rights guarding a point important .
The examinations is will to carried only for Especially immigrants whose status make legal .
If not have that status not will nor examination and in consequence circumstances work official .
Meanwhile therefore the majority the workers immigrants continuing abject in Russia illegally .
&apos; to or banned the step to strangers &apos; .
Many visitors claim that receiving the status official in our country not is so easy .
The cause is in the obstacles bureaucratic and in the difficulties the language in yes .
Moreover the legalisation costs money the twelve thousand to sixteen thousand rublos .
However a register false is can do quickly and for only thousand businesses rublos .
The employees the police Russian know that generally We documents false not are Out and paper the cases the extortion .
&apos; We ring hundred or growers rublos for cigarette or tea &apos; likened to the journalists the citizen the Tajikistan Umed Hushkadamov .
&apos; Are not weak tacaño buying a paint &apos; .
The first day the entry in force the law on the language is commissions the evident that not only the documents the registration the immigrants can be false .
Several Certified &apos; false &apos; the knowledge the language already have been fake for officials of Service Federal the Migration .
The documents counterfeit previously been printed in impresoras standard the colour .
For course arrived to the hands the new owners not as gift each immigrant queriéndose facilitate the task the pass the tests cost for the document seven thousand rublos .
This is two sometimes and half more expensive that the procedure official the examination that cost the worker immigrant three thousand rublos .
The main task for a future next is protect the system against the corruption for that the &apos; Recognition &apos; not is Public buy convergen the officials of government and the defenders the rights .
far the moment the authorities can reconversion to the workers immigrants that not innocents able pass with success the examination the first increasingly more time for observer the course basic the language .
Moreover to the immigrants that not subrogate Russian is them offer jobs that not require communication active with the people .
The Ministry of Interior not decision-making measures clamp against the trade illegal the weapons .
The percentage the crimes committed with weapons registered is quite reduced .
The Ministry of Interior proposes implement the law with greater This in relationship to the owners the weapons the use civil .
This is the reaction of government foremost the Recent incidents Apretar shots during festivities the weddings in the that for Fortunately not was victims and the massacre generated for the lawyer missionaries Apollinaire Vinográdov in the that Apretar seven people lost the life .
The police wants ban the use and the possession the weapons traumatic in places public and raising the age minimum for the obtaining the licence for portar weapons the years to years .
This idea was supported for the summoned of committee the Duma in fight the safety and fight against the corruption Irina Yarovaya cast promised that the reforms in the law on the possession weapons vision Europeans to the Duma of State in a future next .
not all is feel pleased with the fact the that the authorities Russian Purely dealing the counter this problem judgement the &apos; policy the momentum repressed &apos; .
In the network has appeared a letter open whose authors representatives the variety organisations social the hunters demand that is to the such measures the &apos; rigurosidad without sense &apos; .
The percentage the acts the destructiveness with use the weapons registered is minimum likened the service the news BBC the Russia the lawyer criminalista Vasiliy Lésnikov .
According statistics of Ministry of Interior during six months of year is Macedonian crimes with use the weapons the firearms registered in organs of Interior cope the total the crimes handle for this same period .
The authors the letter open are insurance the that a legislation more strict in the sector the weapons the use civil not be a disadvantage for that the criminal is contribute the market black .
Now according their words in Moscow is can find any weapon to under price .
Meanwhile therefore in the Ministry of Interior is claims that the situation the proliferation the weapons illegal is position under control .
Proveedores since factories until official .
The market black the weapons is sources to via the several channels .
The channels main are years says the Colonel withdrawn Victor Baranets cast during ten years worked in the Ministry the Education and in the High State Army .
Humane the screen of website that accepts orders the weapons .
The First &apos; foothold of faction or military &apos; is say the weapons that were flown during the actions military in the Caucasus .
&apos; The weapons were hurtadas for the official Russians and for the ourselves caucásicos &apos; says Baranets .
The next type the &apos; weapon black &apos; the flown for criminals and representatives the forces the safety .
Baranets explains that here is include the weapons hurtadas the stores the police and temporarily flown directly for officials the organs the compliance the law .
The weapons illegal happily to the sale since the arsenals military .
In many arsenals military to often had explosions .
&apos; exist versions unsubstantiated the that some fires were rooted premeditadamente for developing the lack &apos; observing a exmilitar .
According Baranets the manufacturers the weapons also correctly his play the bit .
&apos; Now have proliferating factories private the weapons that not are competitive in the market international and medication weapons under merry the market black included the Moscow &apos; says the expert .
A source more of market black is the smuggling .
Great amount the pistols and machine coming the countries poor as Kyrgyzstan .
&apos; uncertain count with his own production to sometimes non-industrial and is has formed a mafia that has organised the flow the weapons &apos; explains the former military .
Indeed where disgraceful the weapons .
The experts have calculated what is the participation shorter the each a the these sources the supply the weapons illegal the market black .
A report on this subject was bill in for the Centre the analysis the problems and planning the discharge public .
The specialists experts reports of Ministry of Interior and the Rosstat bibliografía criminológica and data the access public the portals whose implore novel in surrounding to the weapons .
The great majority the weapons illegal according the researchers coming the forces armed and the forces the safety .
The half the weapons of market black has arrived there &apos; for fault the officials whose work is connected with the weapons &apos; is says in the report .
According the researchers the % the weapons coming the places where there conflicts armed the % the cases is monies during the production the weapons and the % corresponds to the &apos; archaeological illegal &apos; .
The dependent the a the shops the weapons that asked that his surname not were mentioned says that the weapons bookshelf for excavadores illegal not the buying nobody since ago already much time because are too adding .
Over to often says the suppliers is encounter to stores military when need a starting .
To via the somewhere alférez the supplier buying a unit for example a gunpoint TT .
The laid of registration and the spend for above the fence .
&apos; giving brings the weapon to the city and the sells to EUR for unit with two Interoperability &apos; us account .
&apos; But clear the police this the therefore the all the affairs case that regular when there that comply the plan the discovery the crimes doing purchases the test to the traders the weapons illegal &apos; adds the dependent .
&apos; As in a boutique the luxury &apos; .
The seller and the buyer usually found to via the known .
&apos; visited pages website and portals until that a type that me nominated that outside to the platform &apos; Begovaya &apos; where excellent a man that me instead to a &apos; esquinita &apos; where could negotiate .
From price of weapon me chairman only there &apos; .
Comentarista military Viktor Baranets .
&apos; For achieving a weapon need a friend that purchase contacts &apos; says the dependent the shop &apos; I a friend case but not trust much in him &apos; .
In the markets there sellers but there also is has that reaching finished &apos; the part of Mr Ivanovih that asked that him stating that is him had fallen a tooth to his daughter &apos; .
Even can achieving a couple the manoplas the steel to via the a person the confidence .
dear also me the except only to me because knows that not him question to delatar .
The job looking weapons the different ways .
The former military Viktor Baranets is commissions to test in the role the buyer the weapons illegal to middle the years , when is 64.3 to publish a Article on this subject .
The odd according their words not have changed .
Le Boarding a album the photos where not had &apos; the everything &apos; .
&apos; I felt as in a boutique the luxury &apos; reminds the military .
At buyer according words the Baranets not him offered ride for hare everything what that there is can prove .
I as client potential not only perhaps going with the seller the forest where our a white .
&apos; I babies the opportunity the messenger and when me Emma the that the weapon definitely well began to negotiate &apos; describes the procedure the expert .
Tienda the sofas .
The engines the search website nowhere to websites and groups the &apos; Vkontakte &apos; where is provides buy weapons &apos; for different Poettering &apos; .
For this not is required circumstances document nor events personal .
&apos; It enough having a certain amount the money &apos; write in the titulo of disrupt advertising &apos; Comprar a gunpoint or a dog &apos; .
uncertain the users for their orders and correctly questions .
And sold to minors the age .
&apos; However permit for course &apos; question the user &apos; Iván &apos; mis-spellings conservada . .
&apos; drug gunpoint TT Moscow &apos; lacónicamente raises his question &apos; Fedorenkov &apos; .
The Service Federal the Security has created a enormous network the websites website People-trafficking and caught to two hands to Especially that want buy weapons the firearms .
And the People goes as eaten hungry towards the bait and then to draw coal in Siberia .
comentarista military and exmilitar Viktor Baranets .
have heard talk the these systems for what general the website is recorded outside of reach the laws Russian .
The People ago the orders .
The buyer responsibilities the payment to via the a cash .
&apos; In answer him dispatches a photograph and the instructions for that telling where is hidden the weapon &apos; tracing the secretary the press the NGOs &apos; The right to the weapons &apos; Dmitri Kislov .
Viktor Baranets claims that if is ago a asked in online each is remains without weapon and what chips in the prison .
The Service Federal the Security has created a enormous network the websites website People-trafficking and caught to two hands to Especially that want buy weapons the firearms .
&apos; And the People goes as eaten hungry towards the bait and then to draw coal in Siberia &apos; claims him .
Makarov for dollars .
In the buying the weapons the firearms illegal according the experts each is can spend the to dollars .
According Dmitri Kislov the NGOs &apos; The right to the weapons &apos; a gunpoint Makarov is can acquire for dollars .
They preferably wait a month and half .
It informing since the stores military for the Heads the senior half .
Indeed agreement with the statistics official of ministry in comparison with the period enero-octubre the number total the these crimes in Russia is decreased in a % what that represents and the number the cases at the theft and extortion the weapons , weapons , explosives and artefacts explosives tripling in a % .
They correctly in strike the employees the restaurants the food quick and supermarkets in US .
far a quarter part the adolescents American lie their first jobs as machines in &apos; McDonald la Lloyd &apos; .
In the recent days in the States United is has initiated a wave the protests against the low wages that is paid in the supermarkets the manoeuvres Walmart and in restaurants the popular chains the food quick such as &apos; McDonald la Lloyd &apos; Burger King &apos; Taco Bell &apos; Wendy la Lloyd &apos; and &apos; Kentucky Fried Chicken &apos; .
For now nobody is nobody to count if arrive or not this wave to the nine points or if has aimed lose forces and amansarse in their initial stages .
The actions the protest count with the support the unions and the a series the NGOs the left-wing .
Moreover of increase the modest wages contemplate for the workers the Walmart and the of system the food quick the objective the organizers the protests is the creation the unions the workers in these companies .
For now this sector the economy virtually not has been occupied for the movement unions .
Forty-one and six cents the year .
The actions fossil the week Last later of day the Action the Thank the so-called &apos; Friday Black &apos; scheme day in States United coomenzaba the orgy the cheap that pelagics to million the inhabitants and that to sometimes National accompanied the clashes .
scheme day some workers the manoeuvres Walmart that employs to million the people in the world abandoned their jobs the work and formaron guards the protest together to the unions and activists the left-wing in the shops the manoeuvres whose products is encounter to people the income modest and moderates .
Walmart sells the everything since pañales rifles the hunting and batteries for cars until aspiradores eggs and milk .
The products in their shops are the average between a % and a % more cheap that the supermarkets more large .
It for that many workers bad Throughout the Walmart buy only in the work .
The availability and the Sweden the products have fact the Walmart a the corporations more large the America .
According the words two critical Walmart can afford the luxury the sell products to very under price in part because paid little to their workers .
These recent also is complain the bad conditions labour such as the lack the montacargas or scanners the momentum .
scheme &apos; Friday Black &apos; the participants the demonstration ruinous the increase the wages and is complained the that the cost of safe the health guidelines for the manoeuvres Commissioneru'\u2019s the to dollars month .
For a worker typical the Walmart that receives dollars for hour this expenditure is excessive said .
Científicos the University the California in Berkeley argue that if Walmart increased the wage half until $ for hour this him cost to the manoeuvres 500 the dollars .
This is approximately a % more the what that spent in wages now .
If Walmart spur the fastest-growing wage in the shoulders the consumers each visit to the shop them chooses only cents more expensive .
In a year them Ultimately the ridiculous amount the dollars more the what that Possibly now .
The supporters the Walmart spread satisfied that the protest had place so only in nine states and that not horrible none loss to the manoeuvres .
The &apos; Friday Black &apos; is prolonged in their shops since the afternoon of Thursday until the midnight of day next and during that time Walmart miscalculations around the articles for Secondly .
In total their boxes tills post-election the &apos; Friday Black &apos; almost million the transactions .
The representative the company answers Fogelman declared in a interview the website the left-wing Huffington Post that red his project the work &apos; least the five &apos; employees the Walmart and that the protest not had been more that &apos; another trick the relations public &apos; organised for the seconded the workers .
&apos; cash free &apos; .
The protests continued this week in New York in the that the objectives not were precisely the large stores Walmart that in this progressive city not them have hold and for that for now not there none , but the &apos; McDonald la Lloyd &apos; and other restaurants cheap .
McDonald la Lloyd says that sells thousands the million the pieces and then nor even you Umeå the low for disease and not you paid for your work honest .
Jumaane Alto member of Council long-serving the New York .
Currently the agreement with the law federal and the New York the wage minimum is the $ for hour .
The restaurants the food quick what van increasing with the time but only slightly and the average the workers Parliamentary receive in New York dollars for hour .
Nobody earns least that them in this city .
How is possible survive in New York with that money for me is something incomprehensible .
was a time when almost the quarter part the adolescents American 1990s for the McDonald la Lloyd and worked there behind the desks to time part-time later the school although still kept with their parents .
Few were the that pretended this as the main source the income or planearan Missing there much time .
Now constantly tropiezo in some interviews with workers the McDonald la Lloyd that is complain the that have that live the this wage and to sometimes even herbivores to their children .
For another hand in a forum the magazine Wall Journal there a comment whose author Other that is irresponsible having children if not knows with what them the feed .
The participants in the protests that fossil to the : the morning of Thursday in the McDonald la Lloyd the 40th Journal and Madison Avenue ruinous that to the machines and broth the food quick is them start to pay for what least $ for hour or make that is them youth his wage minimum current .
also ruinous that in the sector the food quick is clout unions the workers .
The law the US prohibits to the administration Legislation this right and punish to the activists of movement unions with tricks and redundancies .
For another part rarely increasingly the administration them facilitates the life .
But for reasons objective is easy that the unions abarquen the sector the food rápid .
A the main is the excessive rotating of personal .
Discordantes .
Ruidosas protests resulted place that same day in other restaurants cheap the Manhattan .
The culmination the action had place to half of rally in the McDonald la Lloyd nearing closely the Times Square in the that participated several politicians democrats local in particular the member of Council long-serving the city Jumaane Alto that said &apos; McDonald la Lloyd says that is Virtual thousands the million the pieces and then nor even you five-minute a hospital nor you paid for your work honest &apos; .
The demonstrators received the support the other outstanding democrats the New York for example of candidate to Mayor the city Philips the Blasio that said that &apos; must support to the workers of sector the food quick for that overriding receiving wages fair and the prosperity economic that is deserves each neoyorkino &apos; .
As what described the newspaper New York Times this has been the greater demonstration the this type in the history American the food quick .
But in her participated only few hundreds the people even not all them were employees of service the food quick in the that trabakan tens the thousands the people the New York .
still not is clear if this help the lit for provoke a movement massive .
&apos; For now tricked the brain not is so easy &apos; .
The subject the reality Created so popular between the sports to the technologies modern topical is made with normal mainly to via of prism the glasses special .
To auditing of summer in his conference annual Google proved a model in movement and subsequently in November is learned that Microsoft had tabled also a request for demand the attached patent .
However the a conversation with the head of group the technology interactive 3D in the laboratory the Microsoft the Cambridge Izadi Sharamom is dilucidó that for the scientists the start company the glasses already divorcing to a stage Last .
To them attracts the perspective the manipulation the items portals in the air with the hands naked and the creation the spaces portals open .
For favour in terms broadly So what is the subjected the study the his group the research .
We measure to the interaction persona-ordenador but addition treat the broadened the limits the this interaction .
For now the humanity in his great mass has effect trapped in the stage the work with the píxeles the screen flat to sometimes the heart with the finger .
But us want indifferently years forward and speakers the changes scattered in this interaction .
For example the games Xbox and the sensors Kinect represent a step forward and today in day circumstances Xbox is sells without Kinect already that to all them interested the control for gestures .
So What more us evaluate the future .
To despite the that Kinect has led the interaction the level physical great part the one still happens in a screen flat to sometimes in 3D .
The introduction the information has speedier the system receives more data , and the exit still not is very good .
We dealing the change this working in systems the nigh truly tridimensionales object ​ in different technologies including the design .
They must free the world the meticulous the our the physical do more tangible .
For this without however is necessary recognise not only the user but also the space that what surrounds .
then benefits optimistic the world real with items portals the a manner more comfortable .
In first place generalized the pan with those questioners helmets the reality virtual .
So What thinks you on the control for voice .
A detail very popular but not believes that what sobreestiman .
Of that not is him can considered a panacea remains outstanding the resolve the issue the privacy already that not always is wants that the others is everybody the our actions and intentions .
Indeed fact all the types the interaction with colleges are good but each in his own camp .
For example for the control the devices in places public had a project in the that world in the gestures but not in movements loose but more shorter .
Moreover the gestures were spawn not for the chamber of recording but for a wristwatches that figure the movement the bones and the muscles .
For now is very large but in theory can be reduced the size the a clock the wristwatches .
But in general the future is for a type Combined the control for example the gesture voice .
So How is that .
For example So how me Southern you that him brink this &apos;p&apos;orth the soda .
You shall and the Practice the same time .
usually I only am .
Oh that goes to be very difficult the recognise .
So Or make you wants forcing to the users to adapt to what that can or not can do in this moment the machine .
not necessarily but is a Rapprochement mutual .
believe that in a future next going to having that work mainly in the design the new types the sensors that Public determine with precise the reactions the person .
These can be for example sensors infrared already that Large-scale a good resolution in depth what that is very important .
If separated the his work with the sensors the Xbox Kinect So what complaints has you the chambers modern .
them lack resolution depth or something more .
In principle the generation current is what that can be the start the our work with the recognition tridimensional .
For course would good obtain megapíxeles to the speed the fps .
But the issue not is in the megapíxeles but in the quality the parent and in the depth .
Since this Finally point the view all the technologies current not are what enough good for us this five-minute more work to the designers the algoritmos .
Or make that have that remember not only the resolution in the themes X and but also in Z. .
also is important the speed the number the tables for Secondly .
The movements human are quite dynamic and the current the fps are truly scarce on everything for the gestures .
Steven Bathiche the our laboratory in Redmond did a detonating the contact with retardo ajustable the prosecution the to ms and wider mention that the modern sensors produced in series are more closely of Secondly value 60-100 . .
not everything the world pastu'\u2019, in what measure this affects to the interaction hombre-máquina .
To me would very useful for my work a equivalent the stand recording but that not probability contact for that the tables for Secondly is more .
So And not is necessary increase the number the chambers .
The Kinect has now three &apos; chambers &apos; a the subjects is the fact the issuer-pays the rays infrared and the second the recipient the signal met .
But the third chamber is in reality a simple detonating of diapasón visible .
That not is used for determine the depth of subjected .
infringe more amount the chambers could resolve the problem .
Or the contrary increased and struggle the amount required the calculations .
would good create a similar flexible the Kinect play with the curvature the location the chambers and see how this deadlocked to determinr the position tridimensional .
For what that I remember Microsoft to difference the Google not has tabled their glasses the public .
not him seems that since the point the view of use daily the technologies the reality Created the glasses are a the platforms more see .
For course pass everything the pink quo in high-level a telephone intelligent in the hands not is very comfortable but I thinking the best option would a reality Created &apos; transmutable &apos; when in basis the a platform the cloud you could pass the glasses the telephone intelligent .
The glasses are devices very personal in that is his strength the things private only you How see , but also his weakness a reality Created lines in glasses not him permit work on items portals together with other people .
imagine for a moment that the manipulation the items holográficos portals in the air is available not only for Tony Stark the film &apos; Iron Man &apos; but also for any simple deadly .
There a problem in this idea that the critical usually point generalized not there answer táctil .
The hands not feel nothing .
What answers prepares his group for this challenge .
In my conferences to often brushed that the reality Created is the seventh pre-apocalyptic in the interaction between the man and the machine .
believe that the eighth well could be the addition the sensations táctiles .
Meanwhile therefore each the noticed more interesting is the use the second momentum in quality the Town for the image .
Registra the identified perfectly .
But there also technologies that are truly geared to proof tangibilidad to these &apos; images in the air &apos; For example the interference the several rays ultrasónicos targeted to a point specific where is position the finger five-minute a feeling similar to the that each feel if someone villages soplándole in the yemas the attitudes but that feeling still is very weak .
There also pulseras for the jailer that inspect in the terminaciones nerviosas the attitudes this also a direction promising .
So He treaty the tricked the brain .
Hacerle thinking that him feel what that seems that should Differences in the moment in that sees something .
constantly is a good idea still not what have tried .
Here is behind another challenge with the that harmonise that fight during much time how do that a person physically dwell in a space very reduced creates that goes to a space open almost without end We working also in the idea the ribbons the jeopardized not as the gyms platforms mobile , case as the promising giants .
For now tricked the brain not is so easy still there that work during many years .
That is what that ago attractive the work with the reality virtual for the researchers that many things is lie in a state the total conception .
Gusto personal policing in place the culture Rosbalt.ru .
&apos; Rosbalt &apos; continues the project &apos; Vanguardismo the St Petersburg &apos; dedicated to the citizens that is lie front to the forefront of art and the culture .
In this list the best is lie brilliant figures of art and the scene the St Petersburg whose achievements best-seller more beyond the city to often lie recognition in Europe without that Russia the No even .
The new hero the &apos; Rosbalt &apos; is the extravagante artist Kirill Miller .
whole the city knows to Kirill Miller a man barbudo clothing the red the upwards collapsed the that is can find closely of Museum Ruso closely of Garden the Summer or in meetings the fashionable and inauguraciones .
The tables the Kirill Miller always warlords to multitudes where wants that is desks .
Kirill Miller is each the those cuentistas purely sociofilósofos the St Petersburg makers the new mitologías .
Kirill Miller is a brilliant representative of vanguardismo the St Petersburg the late the - principles the . .
Moreover is a man urban whose emergence in the streets the city ears in the inhabitants smiles and comments to all the state the mind .
Recently three-and-a-half in their hands a organillo and is became in the organillero the St Petersburg already that has up for do so difficult role for his existence bohemia his philosophy and his image .
Kirill So for what TV for the city clothing the red and not the Hindu or turquesa for example .
Elegí the colour red because am leather the fashionable and me campaigner to the appearance and to the image .
In this world the colour red is a compromise between the artist the makers the images and the society .
Although in the society everything what that not make a little grey provoking aggressiveness and equity the properties nothing good .
But my Tskhinvali are specific to that is significant a conversation .
whole the history the my actions provocativas are a invitation the debate .
So When comprendiste that debías be artist .
In a exhibition of Palacio the Culture Nevsky where is paraded my jobs .
I realised account the that was my road .
then the wave the Old artists not official had ended and the new free as I were still incomprendidos .
I handles friend the artists the new wave with the subsequent to the that is bundle in Gaza and Nevskiy that subsequently to &apos; Pushkinskaya-10 &apos; and already is Bolkesteinu'\u2019is the new wave .
I sumí in the theatre for the clothes the music the all the gender but not for the irrelevant .
And everything this is juntó in your Clínica the art - For me was important want in the centre cultural the St Petersburg where is running towards the best minds creative .
In previously a territory in Pushkinskaya-10 and there while not had reforms rounds a club artistic musical a club Karlsbad , the house the bohemia the St Petersburg .
Many born there Noms Tequila Jazz remember the Similarly in that Schnur assassins the project to &apos; The eartag the Van Gogh &apos; .
Schnur and their friends cantaban songs Nowadays under fonograma vestían trousers meagre between them was the currently composer the fashionable Borys Vdovin .
When the group started to touch in alive is became in &apos; Leningrado &apos; .
Trachtenberg was animador the many programmes before the times the Hali-galivskih .
them brief to Trachtenberg and was the start the his great career the education basic and training the received the us .
Triskel &apos; D &apos; the &apos; Club Griboyedov are the leftovers the Clínica of College .
uncertain assurances our employees and customers notoriously .
am a hero of century past when the culture mean something .
In the year the survey is did in the press , the award was &apos; The People the our city &apos; .
In the nomination &apos; Artista of Year &apos; nine elected I case is my culmination .
In these new times not is comfortable work I am a man the that him like the truth the honesty and the culture of century past .
In our times is easy shouldn popular but the culture and the popularity van separate One can be popular but very little broad .
There in your jobs something recognisable .
Many the my varnish are hits in them is speaks clearly the currently and the Forced .
tendons to do a exhibition invest &apos; The Museum Ruso in buffoons &apos; .
The buffoons are a category timeless .
I before was accustoms but now be case is painful and inconveniences .
But in the buffoons everything is embadurna and the tragedy is UEN .
I love what grotesque have ideas grotesque .
For example the saved of world prohibited a change totalitarian and compulsory the clothes .
Now to each what continuing for the clothes orientándose in what external but not in the internal the person .
And stand increasingly to that person not is him installed nor give the momentum but escupirle in the pack .
And the deception is eliminated when is change the clothes .
ago little you saw in the role the organillero urban - A city culta must having a hero case .
Who best that I for employing .
Well but So to what best the art commercial can be broth .
Now the art commercial must be careful fresh having identified .
We remains witnessing the disintegration the cultures .
Before the People is agrupaba in TB the bohemios wanted a thing the simplones other .
Now all is have divided in microcomunidades is difficult please to all .
not am a ticket the hundred dollars for You to all .
Now there that thinking to Who Mummy TASS .
Now each hero the broad has their fan .
generalized And for listen to Stas Mikhailov best-seller for thousands .
Van to anybody the devotes there works the sphere sexo-social .
And to a event cultural van people motions thousand never to As result least discharge least money everything is marchita .
I to my fan what more important is not deceive not spoil to lose what that Olivier achieved .
When was young was such tables that a coleccionista the tenia communicated in the wall the hand the Falk and Larionov .
I started with varnish with the that for what general the People stops .
Now to often confusing the concepts .
rod culture spiritual culture the consumption .
not exists none culture in the consumption that is another history .
I am a man the culture the yesterday crecí under the example the artists that kept in the poverty and died in the poverty is obstruct the money only for paint tables .
I am to favour the this culture .
Kirill So what is what that him lack to St Petersburg .
Buenos experts in culture .
There a concept servant the culture .
But not all them can An to the culture .
When the pagan were the route everything was the another function the pagan stand increasingly not seaports very well the culture but knew that was necessary maintain to the experts route .
In Moscow now there very good consultants .
We People in St Petersburg that well could be experts but are closed because is need experts to a level higher that Finance correctly to accurately and them checkpoints road .
Now is prosperando the tailor-make personal policing .
applies same Erarta but the difference is that them say honestly that not everything the art modern is accepted there some artists that have that seek other museums .
So What is for you St Petersburg .
St Petersburg not is a capital cultural In Moscow there lot more culture there ground .
But on our stones is difficult that the art grow .
need ground cultural and have now more writers that readers this is bad .
In Europe there a lot the People with curious that goes to Titanic and concerts .
In our case this class is tiny .
We that do that the art protecting the fashionable as what was to medium-long of century past .
The project is Nabucco with a subsidy the St Petersburg .
Tourists to light in the space .
The Earth is in danger .
Calentamiento global or clash with a Photographs murderer .
Caravanas the Malta-registered space with human to board proceed in search the a planet the spare .
For retain the humanity is ago the question main So How continue the species in conditions the penetrate or in the same planet the spare .
believe that there little where choose .
Indeed fact only two are culprits planets that can be hung the least hipotéticamente .
&apos; These are Venus and Mars &apos; says the researchers head of Institute Astronómico imposition Sternberg P.K. IAES , Vladimir Surdin .
But if the conditions in Mars are best for the life in the surface the Venus the temperature is the degrees .
Only is can live to large altitudes or in the fold the Venus in the space .
They started to address the problems the reproduction in the space with the flora .
ago already half century that is procedures to carried experiments with plants .
Four generations the peas cultivados in fold not is differed in nothing the varieties outlaw .
After wine the rearing the insects in the fold small sledgehammer the fruit the drosófilas .
In is replies the space eggs the codorniz for check how is develops the embryo in conditions the penetrate .
Obtenemos as result a polluelo normal .
But then begin the problems .
&apos; The problem is in that this polluelo has that find support must chips on their own feet and begin to activity &apos; explains Vladimir Sychev the director of laboratory of Institute the Audio Biomédicos IPBM the Academy the Sciences the Russia .
At not find support the polluelos soared volteretas the gambling .
And later the hours in the newly babies is only a atrofia total the violates .
The polluelos not ECU to the light nor the technician .
And the Unfortunately was that the carried the four days simply is died .
&apos; And two sometimes succeeded that born the polluelos but then what stop because was impossible work there with them &apos; , observing Vladimir Sychev on failure of experiment with the polluelos in the space .
The final increasingly that a &apos; miniarca &apos; organic fly to the fold was ago years .
In the spring of Migrants the experiments .
However in the biosatélite &apos; Bion &apos; only Tens species the a same sex .
was a experiment with rats that were revisions the space already with Pregnant .
In principle not is reconstruct nothing sobrenatural .
&apos; This was precisely in the biosatélites but this was a experiment unique and studies as this must utmost to carried &apos; observing Vladimir Sychev .
After of landing the rats space resulted offspring .
However still not is has managed address the problem the reproduction directly in the space .
It a challenge difficult .
The animals the lose his habitat become simply not can perform his stiffen sexual .
The man without however to difference the small animals in principle can .
The Homo sapiens has the reasoning abstract and is capable the create a fund emotional adequate .
Experimentos similar not is . to carried for reasons ethical .
But the women travel the space since ago already years .
The greater risk what Commissioneru'\u2019s Tereshkova .
And what more precious that has the humanity is the authority female .
Our gaviota flying and nobody in the Earth could say if is later the a flight the space .
speedy or not having a baby later the this flight .
&apos; After the everything to this question nobody has answered &apos; observing the contractor of sector aerospace Vakhtang Vachnadze .
In June the only later the a year of flight the space the first woman cosmonauta Valentina Tereshkova , only to light to a daughter .
The father the girl Andrian Nikolayev was also cosmonauta .
In the second woman cosmonauta Svetlana Savitskaya cast two sometimes National in fold and even worked in the space open , had a son .
However the risk still .
are few are wall the astronauts to who later the long flights everything them hear result well and a generation healthy next evolving .
&apos; And if is can say more is dangerous even in flights orbitales &apos; sums the pilot cosmonauta hero the Union Soviet hero the Russia Valery Polyakov .
However the humanity must seek some new approaches in the biotechnology in the protection Radiation in the creation the seriousness artificial .
The hidrolaboratorio of Centre the preparation the cosmonautas is a stage compulsory in the preparation for the flight .
In conditions the flotabilidad straight the cosmonautas profess their skills the work in the space .
The water simula the penetrate .
If for a adult the water is a environment comfortable although still hostile for a child newly old is his element home .
The small hombres-anfibio seem confirm that the life in the land emerged of Atlantic .
There a connect between the fact the that the baby is launched approximately months inside the his mother in the Liquid-fuel amniótico therefore him be more easy consumers then the water .
In principle this is logical because since the moment of birth until the moment of first bathing spend only weeks .
&apos; This is very little for forget something &apos; says Marina Aksenova monitora the swimming the newly babies .
In short if the penetrate is a state more natural for a newly old for the women is necessary the gravitación the strength the seriousness .
In the penetrate the muscles abdominales and the pelvis is decrepitan very quickly the capacity the expulsion of unborn is reduces .
Well omitimos that trusting in the action the encouraging for the childbirth .
They can for course give to light in a chamber special one what empujará .
&apos; And then what &apos; Valeri Polyakov is ago this original question .
For another part the child also needs seriousness artificial .
However the feeling the seriousness the authority not generated the skeleton nor the system jugular .
To a newly old in fold is impossible vestirlo with a suit special for entrenamientos as to the adults .
simply is him hunt the what that is vital for him .
&apos; And this experiment that going to do together the allowing the birth the a child in a environment strange closer place to that traigamos to the Earth to a disabled to a person completely suit &apos; provides the head of committee the bioethics of Institute the problems biomédicos the Academy the Sciences the Russia Borys Pestov .
For now the birth the children in the space is a issue theoretical .
However with the time this be a reality when the beings human in their Malta-registered is rostrum to a planet lifted that be the home for their children babies in the space .
Head the NKÚ The inspection of system &apos; švarc &apos; not has prioritised with the political guilty .
In fight the tenders public the Republic Czech account with good inspectors and a legislation the quality although his application cojea .
So what claims Ransdorf Kala Vice-President the Office the Audit Housel NKÚ in a interview for Aktuálně.cz. .
&apos; The law never be perfect &apos; but his application must be right &apos; This is in my opinion what that us lack &apos; case describes the situation current .
The controls sets the inspectors Czech and Germans also best-seller to conclusions similar .
As example the a practice wrong mentions the attitude the Petr Nečas towards the system the be decentralised only on the role that is knows as the system &apos; švarc &apos; .
The first minister said recently that the ODS Party Democratic ODS not molestaría to the employers with inspectors then So is banned or allowed .
&apos; The law must be suppressed the somewhere Similarly and if prohibits something in that case nor the president of government can prevent the activities the office that has the duty the perform these controls nor require obligations &apos; complaints Kala .
In the meeting the committee the control in the Congress the Deputies Ud. stood of project common between the team Czech and the German in the framework of opened is Morin the legislation announce to the tenders public in two countries .
What is exactly .
They talking the a control parallel that are to perform ago few two years .
words the function simplified the legislation European regulariza how is must organise the tenders public to this him continues the legislation unlicensed in each country and later the refusals in yes .
We what have joined everything and although the control still not has complete have Resources differences very interesting generally the legislation the our country is &apos; more strict and more top-to-toe &apos; without however the refusals concrete in some parameters is best in Germany .
They confirms therefore that not enough with integrate rules each increasingly more stricter but that is necessary focus in the application the law same .
What can proof the fact this project So What believes that are the conclusions .
Medicine a control common the this type could contribute to that Age the invest efforts in the closer the laws the reduction and the improvement the limits although this not purchase a impact so positive .
The economy of savings mean achieving a thing suitable to a price reasonable what that not always mean that the price make the more under for avoid case the enrichment and to the long the actions criminals .
But not for the fact the reduce the limit the tenders wants say that thing to do .
Perhaps because the system is saturation with therefore &apos; red &apos; that Especially that want seek failings in the system able do more easily that if the limits is Under so salaries as now .
Ud. talks the problems the our country with the transfer the legislation that regulates the prácticaa the tenders public .
How works the system the controls in Germany .
It a office analogous to our NKÚ or is &quot; the another function .
In ascertain to the offices as the NKÚ there action the Bundesrechnungshof Court Federal the Auditors with a organisation similar to the our with a school also what unique is that in his case is structured the a Similarly a therefore different , but in principle sides offices evolve parallel .
also the powers are until true point analógas without however in therefore that Germany has a organisation federal the courts the accounts is lie even to this level In this aspect differ slightly the our system .
The Court Federal the Auditors BRH only can control the money federal what that here verifiers funds state .
The funds public that are administered for the regions and the municipalities there in Germany is monitored in the Court Federal the Auditors .
In As to the legislation local So is more simpler that the our .
For what general not me like establish a comparison without data concrete not However Germany continues remains a model in some aspects but not is can define with accurate in what is best .
Could be best for example in As to the quality the inspectors .
That safe that not but repeat not me like do this type the comparisons .
It necessary say that even Especially countries that working as model must do cope to a great number the problems .
If not outside case not them eye circumstances benefit cooperate with our office So not believes .
In As to the legislation the our country So what meant for his Office the amendment the law on the tenders public So They patent the somewhere Similarly his doorsteps .
Bearing in account that the period the validity the this amendment is relatively short still not is has secrecy in the actions the control .
Given that tough controls former ex is emphasis count with a true delay .
For now is noted in the process the preparation the controls Future have initiated a new tool the &apos; detection the risks not economic &apos; for the that have fact pass almost tenders public that have been thoroughly The changes is speeds perfectly reflected here already that is modify the limits is rectifican the conditions the some types of process the selection and similar .
you that the adoption the this law is beneficial or that more well supposed a patchwork for the system bureaucratic .
believe that this law is surely a step in the direction right and hope that case make .
The problem that can preferably is that the legislation &apos; is harmonised &apos; and that make impossible complying .
already with the legislation previous the people controlled were linked the contractor for example in the case the programmes operational regional of advice regional , and each law not respected in fight the tenders public mean the violation the discipline budgetary .
he sense then tighten the law the this function .
believe that not the this function .
The system must excluding to Especially that organize atacarlo or profit the him and not punish to Especially that formed a ruling formal that not has doorsteps in the decision-making the decisions .
A system the this type only adequately create a greater pressure bureaucratic .
And how is its the this .
happens towards where us brings this road initiated .
The first minister has declared recently that the ODS not molestaría to the employers with controls of so-called system švarc with reference the fact the be decentralised only on the role So What mean this .
The system švarc &apos; is banned or allowed .
The law must be suppressed the somewhere Similarly and if prohibits something then nor even the first minister of government can prevent the activities the Office that has the duty the perform these controls and require obligations .
Can say &apos; Cambiamos the law and what taxation &apos; but not can say that intending as if nothing .
In the law on the tenders public the legislation is quite strict in As the Similarly in that is must act formally And case is as must be for protect the competition public .
But for another hand is tragic that is excluded the candidate with the best supply for not comply the demands formal .
The law never be perfect but his application must be right This is in my opinion what that us lack .
The roads similar numberplates the ice although in his majority are Passable .
In several places the Republic Czech the roads similar numberplates the ice and the snow .
Although the majority the approaches are Passable in some must Likewise the caution .
Region the Karlsbad .
Today for the morning the roads in the region the Karlsbad were Passable but demands numberplates the ice and the snow .
The temperature share and incorporate between five and ten degrees under zero During the day subirán slightly the thermometers .
He last the nevar in the region and in the areas lowest the layer the snow is thin .
In change in the crestas the Erzgebirge the snow region almost the centimetres .
In some places the visibility was still bad to cause the fog according the information of centre the control the operations the roads the region .
The path quick R6 and the road the first category in the region are now Passable without restrictions .
However is advised providing the caution on everything in some bridges whose surface can be helada and be slippery .
also are Passable all the approaches the second and third category sorts the roads the mountain .
not However in some the them still there stretches with leftovers the ice and snow apisonada .
It emphasis increase the attention in the road on everything in the areas more through .
Region the Pardubice and Hradec .
In some roads the Bohemia Eastern there danger the frost and in areas more through and in the mountains can been formed a layer the snow in the approaches Equally in their pages the Directorate the roads and motorways .
The workforce the roads Citizens to the drivers on the danger that is train numberplates the ice particularly in areas more through the region the Pardubice .
may happen frost in the vicinity the Lanškrouna Ústí Labem Orlicí Poličky Svitav or Vysokého Mýta and on everything in the roads the second and third category .
The roads I 43 and I 34 in Svitav have been treated washing-up .
There snow particularly in the roads the mountains the Krkonoše to Orlické hory .
There a layer the snow apisonada in the areas more highest the roads in the municipalities the Rychnov Labem Kněžnou and Trutnov .
In the zone the Bohemia Eastern the sky consist today between CAP and partially nublado without Unusual .
The temperatures oscilarán for what general between three under zero and a rise positive soplará a wind weak .
Region the Pilsen .
The roads in the region the Pilsen are Passable today for the morning although preferably Likewise the caution and be necessary adapt the time .
In the initial hours the morning will frost the temperatures oscilarán between three and nine degrees under zero .
After the nevada and of post-Gaddafi declining the temperatures some approaches also could be covered the ice .
In some places the drivers is exhaustive with fog but the visibility improve progressively .
This is what that is glean the information of centre the control the operations the roads the region .
The Motorway D5 is transitable almost without restrictions although is advised providing the caution on everything in the path between the kilometre and . .
The surface the majority the roads the first category is dry and without ice .
In the zone the road the Pilsen and Tachov border with Germany can ought stretches with numberplates the ice .
The approaches the second and third category are wetlands for what that in this case also is means the stretches with numberplates the ice .
The drivers Libraries be more careful particularly in the approaches least minimized in the zone the Šumava .
Region the Olomouc .
The drivers that is rostrum to the areas more through the region the Olomouc is exhaustive with snow partially battled .
After of treatment chemical still became snow in the port the Červenohorské and in the path in direction to Videlský kříž .
The workforce the roads zeros the snow during the night in the road the Šumper is acumularon few three centimetres the snow according the administrators the approaches .
In the rest the region the majority the approaches are Passable without restrictions .
&apos; In the areas more highest the road the Šumper left leftovers the snow .
The drivers in the port the Červenohorské is exhaustive with snow half battled in direction to Jeseník &apos; has confirmed today a operator the administration the roads the Šumper to the ČTK .
Above the ground and the night attend to the Jesenická also their colleagues and later of treatment chemical the runway the areas more highest are now despejadas and wet .
In the road the Olomouc the approaches are Passable without restrictions in the Šternberská the drivers Libraries drive with caution in the stretches forest where the approaches continuing currently wetlands .
Region the Ústí Labem and region the Liberec .
The operators the roads of north the Bohemia have reported on complications in profits stretches to first hour the morning .
Apart the some places in the that has believer or Pisa according the basis the data the police the road the mountain between Telnice and Knínice in the region the Ústí Labem is doors .
The temperatures is Other under zero even in the areas more lowest for what that the ice and the snow obviously unreported in the simple In change in the areas more lowest particularly in the South-East of Hallandsåsen central Czech not there problems and the roads for what general are Petrol .
For the mmento not is have recorded complications the service .
The operators the roads have Sinclaire the presence the ice in the Investigators the Štětí .
According the meteorólogos the conditions have been ideals during the night During the day is expected rain and snow that is melting and for the night the sky consist CAP and will ice .
Since the roads broadly is have announced conditions unfavourable in the road I 13 in the border between the region the Ústí Labem and Liberec .
The road between Telnice and Knínice had that be cut for the bush the trees that is previously arqueado on the path with the weight the snow .
Šimon Ornest In our concerts want consecutively energy positive .
They says that in little least the a month goes to reaching the end of world So what his on doing .
Only is a the between so other news alarmist to the that us like ultimately .
At group the music chosen Tap us like more well do jokes on this and us like say that are the unique group the music of world that manages towards enough energy positive for postpone the end of world or for escaping .
Moreover in December organizáis a project really original three concerts against the end of world .
Can explain to our readers .
They talking the a act beneficial state-based that We organise since ago two years .
We decided to exploit the potential the marketing that has the final of timetable maya worded for the December to the : the morning .
The day previous the December to the hours co-host concerts franca in Prague Brno and Ostrava .
Terminarán approximately to the same hour in the that stops the timetable maya in the island Kiribati in the Ocean Pacific miserable hours for front the our zone explainable .
To Who is him happened this idea .
Initially was idea mine later colleague forjando the project all together with our leather Honza Augusta .
Moreover the loved towards enough energy positive and avoid the end of world also want reflect together with the society on the state in that euro-zone the world to our children .
With occasion of final of timetable maya also have created a series unique the articles shoes T-shirts ‘ and original llaveros against the end of world that can year in www.e-tap.cz another manner the safely .
The group chosen Tap together with other interpreters also sung the so-called anthem against the end of world that brings for title &apos; End of world cancelled &apos; .
Currently is very popular in YouTube So is How hear in the concerts Live .
Of that yes and be fair the final good always that everything charters well and not is bring the world .
The cantarán all the interpreters the same time in the three concerts .
The himnos is enlazarán between yes simultaneously thanks to the Europe-wide special in direct in the Television Czech .
Tomáš Hanák has writing the letter the this song and parade the role regard the Jesus in the videoclip where also singing Xindl X .
How emerged this collaboration .
work calculations even with other personalities the scene cultural Czech apart the organise many acts Live and concerts .
ideological everything our effort in participate in this project .
They has demonstrated that to the majority the them interested and them divierte work with us .
To what is Occupied the money youngsters in the concerts against the end of world .
To equipment for the centre educational without barriers Studeo that We to term in his sixth year running with the partnership civil Tap in Jedličkův ústav .
The pupils the school the Jedličkův ústav receive regularly the visit the teachers with the that doing activities humorous and interesting .
The pupils not disposal the media economic enough for pay to the teachers and do a efuerzo for do possible .
In the framework the completion the works in Jedličkův ústav astronomer a building independent the that us trasladaremos with this project .
In each viewers act several groups and interpreters .
What are the criteria the selection .
tries devise a programme that make attractive for all the generations including the children .
For example in Prague actuarán Chinaski Support Lesbiens Illustratosphere with answers Bárta chosen Tap Marián Bango and Paroubek Suchý .
For obtain information more detailed look obligatory www.kpks.cz. .
have shortly some another &apos; action spectacular &apos; similar in the future .
In May somebody for first increasingly in the festival Pražské jaro case that here surely preparing a programme attractive with guests interesting .
The year that next also us like touch in the Bohemian National calculating the New York and to me personally commend that are in States United me like amplify with actions in Washington and in Chicago .
Vuestros plans in the abroad not are precisely minimalistas until now brakes acted for example in Madrid Brussels London or Moscow .
chosen Tap is not However a group formed for people with disabilities .
How is the logistical and the organisation the these travel .
not is so difficult how can apparently to first view .
There five Member in wheelchair the wheelchair electricity the chairs must travel in the compartment for luggage and addition We much weight the boxes with the instruments .
However until now us the have managed well ČSA and British Airways were perfectly prepared thing that not leaves the puzzles .
Even in Moscow the where have circle ago little went everything without problems .
Thank to the check-out the abroad look comparisons the different attitudes the society towards the disabled and other aspects .
With what you brakes met until now .
In Madrid Luxembourg London and other cities everything works best that here in Russia have been witnessing the that in the this remains much road for way .
To difference the Prague Moscow is full the barriers there continues without be prevalent that a person is properly speak for the centre the city in a wheelchair the wheelchair electricity .
Something so aware as is for example give preference to someone in wheelchair the wheelchair in lift there not what is .
For Fortunately is has created a partnership civil that is striving for tematizar the problems the people with disabilities .
In what aspects must taken example the countries more progressive .
There many aspects in the that going for behind .
But is important mention that the priority and the improvement the situation always depends the people to the that affects directly .
In London and in Madrid is very normal that the People with a disabilities serious is properly for his account in public and conclusion go the service the museum where wants .
But not is very common that a great number the people with disabilities obtain in the life social the manner active in this aspect with chosen Tap going a little for front .
A society environmentally-friendly or without barriers is a thing but when comes the moment in the that emergence eminent athletes artists actors politicians or lawyers start to change everything the truth .
far now are cases isolated the people that have a great strength the willingness .
The group chosen Tap is currently very popular but if legacy few years dating So what you subsequently to fortunate the group in ? .
graveyard as educador in Jedličkův ústav where had lot People young to my around that wanted An to something .
And project that I am musician toco between other the saxofón fundé a group healthier with a colleague the work .
And with the time as says our mediating Láďa Angelovič is us was a little the hands laughter . .
However the popularity not arrived until these recent years So or me wrong .
It truth that us helped quite the fact the connecting with singers famous and also work actively for twenty-first the group .
question to the conclusion the that the work that not is sees is as if not existed .
Thank to the aid the Union European can afford addition teachers the quality equipment etc .
belong intention the reaching so far with chosen Tap .
Since the principle saw the potential that had that is can do something the another Similarly .
The world of spectacle is full the things that is seem the should to the other .
It logical to his function everything what new is welcomes with caution and Sending much time in accepted .
There few things extraordinary but me dare to say that chosen Tap is a the them .
The impression the someone that us sees for first increasingly is clearly the compassion is a reaction natural .
But the compassion is completely superfluous because the people with disabilities not are beings ruins that suffer and the that arguing having compassion .
There People that is capable the live a life full and develop with the condition for course the that gets the media necessary .
I always brushed that if something them its well to people with disabilities then not is only a breakthrough for them but for across the society .
Ayudó the fact the that is Ud. a head assignment as him describes lot People .
If want do a work the quality have that be rigorous in many aspects and require certain discipline .
believe that is completely normal .
Some people best-seller with a vision romantic and with the head in the clouds and when is usually that have that negotiating two days to experimenting go to the test preparatory and pass much time travelling and in concerts the euphoria initial them abandon quickly .
But case is how works in all parties in each group that wants work and achieving something .
Currently the group chosen Tap has twenty Member .
How the them were already in the auditing of year ? .
Only each Láďa Angelovič .
are a group open the People enters and its not is can avoid .
Anyone purchase willingness and dwell Employment always the doors open .
will the day before of coming end of world the Thursday to the hours .
IT place in the Incheba Arena the Prague in Fléda the Brno and in Plynojem in Ostrava and Speakers groups and other musicians the Republic Czech .
The three cities is conectarán the final the memorable to via the video for lottery calculations the song of group chosen Tap &apos; End of world cancelled &apos; .
The objective of viewers is towards the resources necessary for finance equipment multi-functional of centre educational without barriers STUDEO in Jedličkův ústav the Prague whose cost 27 to million the NOK Czech .
The entry the viewers costs CZK and the children until years have entry free in the option the sale accepting in Bohemiaticket .
Poland and the laughing-stock .
In the meeting the ministers the countries the Agency Space European aired the week Last is accepted to Poland as twelfth member the ESA It the Secondly country member the ESA of former bloc the Europe of This later the Republic Czech that is became in member plenary the November the ) .
Poland whereas a intensive collaboration with the ESA in the year and during the years subsequent attended in the committee the projects the agency .
However the road the Poland towards the laughing-stock began much before .
The enthusiasts Poles already is Father to the flights the space before the Second War World although not always is fairness his work .
remember for example the conference the Pelinka Šternfeld in the operate astronomic the Warsaw in the that the December the , presented their ideas on the study pioneering &apos; Introduction to the cosmonautics &apos; .
The ideas of young engineering old the ) red to the assistants indifferent and years later Šternfeld raising that the Dr Jan Gadomski had been the unique that had shown interest in his work .
In the year Šternfeld homeland in France the award Robert Esnault-Pelterie and André Louis moralist for his &apos; Introduction to the cosmonautics &apos; .
The Dr Jan Gadomski 1899 1966 mentioned previously , is became more afternoon in a great promote the exploration and the cosmonautics .
Publicó hundreds the articles in journals bodes and wrote a series the books dedicated to this discipline scientific .
Gadomski is became in a mover the cosmonautics was known in everything the world and his contribution to the science is shaken rewarded when is commissions his name to each the cráteres the pack hidden the dreaming .
already in the year is built in Poland a dresina that cards to be sanctioning the a engine the rockets .
Unfortunately is unknown Who was the author the proposal and either is local the destalles of project .
not is clear if the lift-off cards to be used for the cold-start the dresina or for his slowed .
The information on this dresina is limited to the collection in the press the era .
To onwards of year the artillery Polish began to An to the rockets .
The research was funded for the Komórka Techniki Uzbrojenia in collaboration with the prof Mieczyslawem Wolfkem and prof Gustawem Mokrzyckiegim .
To onwards of material inadequacies is ago obvious that the research arrived the stadium the tests practices .
not However with the arrival the troops German is halted the research .
In the year Spiegelu'\u2019. in the press specialised the injudicious the a Was the hunting fotoeléctrico designed for the engineering Rohoziński and the year next was published the study &apos; Rakieta torpeda powietrzna Naval rakietobomba lotnicza &apos; of author Leliwa-Krzywoblocki .
Both projects were diabetes the use military the engines for rockets .
Little before the war the Committee advisory scientific provisional Tymczasowy Komitet Doradczo-Naukowy is responsible the all the projects the techniques the rockets for use military and coordinaba all the jobs .
The committee was founded in but later the two years the activity , is shaken interrupted for the beginning the war .
Other studies dedicated to the cosmonautics appeared in the press Polish later the war thanks the work the society Borys the Astronáutica Polskie Towarzystwo Astronautyczne . .
In the edition the November the magazine Problemy is ago reference for first increasingly to the society with four articles very far-reaching dedicated to the astronáutica .
In each the them of prof M. Subotowicze is proposed the creation the a society that is devoted to the cosmonautics .
In that era already is previously project in march projects the satellite artificial and was obvious that the research ancestorsu'\u2019rule was a discipline with prospects the future .
Since principles the society Borys the Astronáutica PTA increase to fortunate part the Federation International the Astronáutica CEMR in ) and in autumn the that same year the PTA is became in member plenary .
The year next the first president the PTA Kazimierz Zarankiewicz 1902 1959 , Commissioneru'\u2019s to be the Vice-President the Federation International the Astronáutica .
occupy this office until his death in . .
To onwards of , the PTA attended the function significantly in the development of lift-off probe RM Rakieta Meteorologiczna , that was a success and is became in the first lift-off Polish in the that is subsequently to carried research scientific .
The first type RM-1 was complete in and is launched for first increasingly the October the . .
The lift-off had a changing the metres few cm the length and not victimised to the kg the weight .
Over afternoon is the build the version RM-1A and in summer the is began the tests airlines the rockets RM-2 the two stages in the desert the Błędów .
The lift-off personu'\u2019s metres and pesaba few remained .
Another type the lift-off in development cards to be subjected the study scientific real The lift-off RM-34 cards to having a changing the km and his mission would control the wind the height .
However in is dissatisfied the jobs .
The successor the first rockets of type RM was the lift-off Meteor-1 that is built during the years and . .
They diseñó as lift-off the two stages with a length total the cm and a weight initial the remained .
They proceeded three types scanners Meteor-1A -1B and -1C , that is differed between yes for the space available for the appliances scientists .
In the lift-off Meteor-1A the space available for the volume was the litres in the Meteor-1B the litres and in the Meteor-1C the litres .
The changing maximum in the three types was the km .
Among the years and is developed in the Institute appraisal the lift-off Meteor-2 whose initial tests airlines is began in October the . .
The lift-off Meteor-2 had a weight initial the kg and was capable the wear a weight useful the kg until km the height .
Subsequently is built the version Meteor-2H and Meteor-3 .
It necessary mention also the entry the Poland in the COSPAR Open degradation Space Roslin in the year and the training of committee national the COSPAR two years later .
In the framework of programme Interkosmos Poland is joined to the research of space cósmico on satellite artificial Soviets and in the year , the pilot Polish Miroslaw Hermaszewski is became in the Secondly intercosmonauta later the Vladimir Remek .
The suspension the law on jobs social not is the solution .
The week Last the tribunal constitutional suspended the law traabajos social .
The resolution adherents a Non-Proliferation debate in the society .
Since then be interesting examining the document existing since a point the view more broader .
The systems economic Liberals in the EU Like that in the world globalised is based in the principle the a greater competition economic and least legislation .
In consequence this mean that the different forms economic and the systems economic national are in conflict permanent between yes .
The cause is contempt in the principle of free trade and of movement free and unlimited the capital private together with the speculation financial unbridled .
The effect the large differences in the cost labour the wages produces tensions economic .
Under this concept is necessary understand the situation in the that the manufacturer with the imports the goods cheap staying shorten distances and for doing &apos; causing a bajadda &apos; of price of competitor with the objective the shouldn with the greater part of market and the this Similarly increase his margin the profits .
To great scale mean for the majority the employers Enterprises the production the abroad buy there more cheap or well disappearing The result is a unemployment high in Especially countries in the that the price of work in comparison with other economies is more high-level .
Due to that the capital private not has responsibility social some and with doing either is responsible of unemployment that this phenomenon generated growth necessarily the expenditure social of state .
whole this situation evicted the total MG6 the employers for pay taxes and compensate the damage economic and social that have lie in his sheer the obtain profits .
The situation is universally so known that not is necessary submit data statisticians concrete .
The practices little escrupulosas of capital private Do situations in certain economies in the that the governments the these countries is Supposing forced to compete with the objective the reduce artificially the level social the own population and the this Similarly attract capital abroad the country .
words the another function the governments correctly capital private to readiness the his own population without having in account the decline social .
This is ago patent on everything in the changes the laws observance .
The objective is forcing to the population to that accept the dictated of capital private on everything in what that Concerning to the wages .
This has place for a part prohibited the system the duty economic in the case the unemployment the long long-term for another prohibited the right restricted the employees in As to rights labour .
The result is a poverty growing together with the increase the differences between poor and rich .
Since ago a series the years there in Germany points the handing the food for people poor that not can chips with his own work .
The number the people that receive this type the aid arrives already the million .
In the framework of fastest-growing the competitiveness the economy German is produces a case quite prevalent people undervalued with a wage so under that the state must pay the rest for reaching the minimum absolute for survive .
They did public a scandal the this type connected with the situation the employees revelations of parliament federal German .
The measures the savings the virtually all the states of southern the EU nowhere without place to doubt to the same situation The people repeated for a decline abismal the his level social is Supposing forced to undeveloped as in the century 19th or to malvivir with a wage rotten in the limit the society with the expectancy the that somewhere day comes the country capital investor private .
It necessary preguntrarse the where next .
In the case the that is instrument the other countries the EU then the poverty passes the a country to another or not arrives never project that Chinese Indian Brazilian Turks Moroccan Egyptians or African continuing working for a tiny part the a wage European .
This also affects to across America Latin .
The Bilbao Liberals and the media the communication claim until the indicates that the state not should proof capital to the economy that directing the economy leads to his failure .
The capital private reasoning with tooth and tooth the submit the that the state not should intervene in the economy entrometiéndose in the control .
To continuation is necessary one if the capital private not part with his egoism in the march policy and for make in everything the state .
In this case the answer is clearly yes .
The test is the existence the lobbies in the practice very mighty and free-trade in all the states .
The result is a situation desperation that is patent in the field the corruption in the lobbies mutual in a legislation that is virtually reprehensible in all parties but not is offence .
In Germany the situation is the next the ministries state to lack the media financial bureaux the drafting the projects the law to companies legal private the subjects are to often linked with the industry .
This type the projects the law are Projects later in the Bundestag the parliament German .
Indeed this Similarly everything the power not choice of people stand and as is inter-institutional in the constitutions the democracies Western but the strong groups financial that represent their own interests .
It obvious that the democracies with a orientation liberal is trouble quickly in a situation how the that describes Appiános in his masterpiece The crisis the republic Roman in times the Caesar and Pompeya &apos; The state was time desintegrándose and the administrations is high-ranking to the strength &apos; .
To change the bribery lobbies gulf ilegítimamente and aid for finance stones or shabby .
The Accusations and the corruption is spread without aggressively definitely and the People Urumqui to the ballot with the vote apalabrado the advance &apos; not had People with character that aspirara to a project in the administration case that a increasingly to cause the this disorganisation the state National eight months without best-case &apos; schoolteacher to hears in seriously the that the unique cure for a situation so serious was the autocracy and that was necessary decisions a man solving &apos; Although Appiános meant in Pompeya Caesar promising the power and transformed the democracy for always in autocracy .
The conclusion of same Similarly that in the 30-year-old is that the society current is founded in preferences insensitive of benefit individual without having in account the interests common .
The capital private not is capable in his essence the understand and demand the profits the across the society .
The result is the same that the then a colonised the elite without unprecedented without that is investigated a effort for reforming in depth .
The causes of booming the regimes fascist and Communist must owns for what therefore in the liberalisation unbridled the systems economic in the century 19th and 20th .
With respect to the situation current is possible considered the disappearance the these systems in benefit the a democracy the type liberal as a pause criticise to the expected of next coup .
The fact really demoledor is that the elite current ignores for completely the losses the hundreds the thousands in lives disasters social and humanitarian the that have been witnessing case as the crimes against the humanity stand and as the know in the history former and the more recent .
The suspension the law on tenders public not is the solution the least not to long-term term .
Under pressure the competition economic therefore to level international as inside the EU the government the Republic Czech is taken obliged to continue for other approaches for reduce the level social the population .
This trend is for what therefore systemic .
The solution passes for reforms sociopolíticas specific that strengthen therefore the participation of capital of state as the influence the citizens in the government and that weaken the position the monopoly of capital private in the society in benefit of state .
Israel the laboratory of chaos .
&apos; concludes nothing comes degradation violence loosening nothing ever Madam &apos; not arises nothing the violence and nothing could do , Sting in his song Fragile and whose estribillo othersu'\u2019. &apos; Cleanup la Lloyd do not forget how fragile we canaries &apos; not us forget the what fragile that are . .
&apos; If my children not families wars not would none &apos; Gutele Schnaper wife the Mayer Amschel Rothschild in his bed the death in the year . .
After the latest waves the violence between Israel and the Strip the Gaza have mushroomed as always reactions variety .
A of hand the Israel argues to favour of right the self-defence and encasilla to the Palestinians in the allows the terrorists The another supports to the Palestinians and lower-ranking racism for part of state the Israel genocide less against Arab Palestinians and denigrated to Israel the state terrorist .
not want turn in Who is guilty the massacres that is echo regular and Who is the victim At end and the carried the citizens the today in day the Israel including the territories self-employed born inside the situation policy current and not lived the auditing the violence .
My intention is offer to the readers a scrutinise behind of curtain a scrutinise for compromising Who taxed advantage the tensions that is prevails since ago years calculated to onwards the declaration Balfour in November the ) in a small surface the land of Middle agreed .
Some the my considerations is based in facts historical other in conclusions to the that I arrived on the basis the my own function the understand the matter on Who or what group the people is the promote main the events the history modern .
In the history the humanity the history the struggles for the power is in first class .
In each era can find a Great or a Rostopchine .
But what that already not is so obvious is if always were these tyranny the that commensurate their steps the function self-governing or if behind the his Big had someone that orientaba their actions towards a operating objective .
must accept that live in a era that policing the wealth of world in the hands the few individuals and that to this concentration the money and the power that this involves not is has able reaching in a speak generation .
Indeed between these families astronómicamente richest emphasised a that could regarded the more prominent if still there someone behind not what know but not what rule : the Rothschild .
not is says much to closely the them .
Of .
In the years of century 19th bought the first agency the news Reuters for that slave the associate his name with acts criminals the lot seriousness The power and the wealth or two them portions the wall thing that for them always meant a Increasing .
They cautiously important in almost all the banks central of world and in Especially countries in the that not are represented is has declared or is introduce a war before of attack to Afghanistan were countries later of attack the Iraq were later the evil to Gaddafi only affected four , but interim Russia has Nothing the bank central the government Russian .
All time that has tried oppose to this family has dead .
Abraham Lincoln is refused to renew the state of bank central Bank European America the Rothschild began during the War the Secession to print money and was murdered in the theatre .
JFK started to print money and wanted trials the system the reserve federal preserveu'\u2019of and was murdered in ; the congresista Louis Mc Fadden was poisoned the year later the loved exceeding to the preserveu'\u2019of for ought outrage the great crisis economic of year . .
Their sheer for the power global them subsequently during the years - to agenda a plan with three wars world designed for the masón Shaw Pike Vichy with the rise . .
The first war is espoused as objective eliminate the large states monárquicos in across Europe the second wanted eliminate the formed colonial particularly the Great Britain and the third is proposed reduce the population the land between half million and thousand million the people way amount the slave for his welfare and luxury sufficient and not consumirían many resources , addition the creation the a religion universal the ecumenismo not is nothing more that a resembles for way solution and the adoption final the powers six-month .
The method with the that operates the group the families more richest together with the Rothschild continues the dynamic of releasing the crisis and the post-Gaddafi Thank the a solution order ab cao agenda to onwards of chaos . .
These solutions are without however flawed and chemicals always a worsening the situation If not enough remember that the preserveu'\u2019of was created for that not is repetition a crisis as the of year . .
So that after the success of murder of Big the Big elicited Archduke Ferdinand in Sarajevo and later the that to root the doing is erupted the First War World tore the Russia Eduard with the beginning the revolution Bolshevik .
The First War World Bolkesteinu'\u2019is the function unexpectedly and unjustified since the point the view military and economic the capitulation the Germany the wars for overcome with the Russia Eduard were already unnecessary and the post-Gaddafi break-up the great power the Europe Central the empire Austro-Húngaro .
For preparation the ground the Second War World allowed that the bankers and politicians palette the Similarly bloodless a situation upheaval to root the enormous loan the war imposed on Germany with what that is laid the conditions privileged for the radicalisation the mob impoverished Subsequently them sufficient with The to the Germans the solution of Führer that was what enough strong and simple and respectable to guilty and build later a Czechoslovakia states for several communism with a strong minority German that publishes 84 and appropriations so well the function the fifth spine that prendió the way and Enquiry the outbreak the war .
At late of century 19th the Rothschild impulsaron the foundation of movement sionista a resources that increase to the training the a state Jewish preferably in the region the former Judea with Jerusalem as capital return the Sión . .
The declaration Balfour linkage previously sit the foundations for the immigration mass the Jews to Palestine and detected the first conflicts with the population Arab of place .
They produced attacks terrorists in sides parties .
Estalló the Second War World is difficult know if Hitler commissioned too the merry to the that what ones control the bankers international in a principle or if everything what that did draft part the a plan However the suffering the Jews Europeans in the camps the concentration creation the conditions privileged for the acceptance of state Jewish in the society global .
Israel was founded officially in and the Similarly similar the Similarly in that the loan the war imposed to Germany Exports the road towards the Second War World with the proclamation of state the Israel is creation the spotlight for a third war .
If the bankers international succeed iniciarla the nation Jewish the Like that in the Second War World is generate in victim in first online the combat now together with the population Arab or generally Muslim of Middle agreed .
Israel is a laboratory relapse a machine the solder and chaos not only in the framework the his country but also to scale international Take as example how is earmarked the Similarly totally the abolish and opponents the Israel .
Who is guilty and Who is the victim in the conflict Israeli-Palestinian So Where the injustice rise injustice in a spiral the violence chestnut if the beginning the everything was the greed the some individuals and his sheer for the power global .
In this point is necessary distinction between the inhabitants the Israel and their responsibly because the Like that happens in our country the bankers international only similar to their candidates in the elections .
The current president the Israel B. Netanyahu is the typical example the political fascist marketing to the bankers international that ago everything what possible for wage the war to Iran and considering that Iran is member the Organisation the Cooperation the Shanghai China India Russia Pakistan threaten in norm in a conflict global and if have in account that Iran controls the Straits the Ormuz for where passes the % the everything the oil global the corridor the navigation has only two miles the wide ) , instead to the destruction the economy global .
Under what light is keen now the words that Again David Rockefeller in : &apos; applies unique that need is a crisis general and the People consist the agreement with a new agenda global &apos; .
The new agenda global in his imagination is a world the gentlemen and slave .
A world in the that the rest the population serves to a handful the people that form part the aristocracy financial well accommodated .
A world in the that to each new individual is him brands a chip the born that controls everything his be .
&apos; And obliges to all small and large rich and poor free and slave to having a brand in the momentum right-wing or in the cope to not power buy nor sell to not be that uniforms the name the this monster or the figures the his name .
It necessary understand cast purchase two attitudes the cope that grand the numbers the this monster .
The number brand to the person and this number is seiscientos Sixty and six &apos; .
Film ARGO If is puts crude elsewhere to Hollywood .
In November the a group the demonstration the students Islamists occupied the Embassy American in Tehran and three-and-a-half diplomados as hostage .
Their Decommissioning in freedom cards to be to change of destronado shah Shia Réza Páhlevi the opened later the revolution Pamuk to USA country that had patrocinado his regime during decades .
For the administration American the situation not option none perspective positive bath-water the shah for the EU-Mexico not is what could.&apos; allowing project that if what was disposal in danger the confidence the their allies in other countries .
But the Decommissioning in freedom the hostage in Iran where the revolution had led in the constitution of regime theocratic not was to his reach .
was a coup the prestige the States United that subsequently is Valencia still more with the attempt upcoming the free to the hostage for the strength .
The diplomats imprisoned were released days later the intervention negotiating of government the Algeria .
In US his destination horrible a wave the solidarity and ill-will against Iran .
The failure in Iran played the function decisive to the defeat the Jimmy cope Ronald in the elections presidential the . .
The film &apos; ARGO &apos; of director and actor Ben Affleck tematiza a episode the this history that cosechó a small success for America .
Little before the occupy the Embassy is escaped six employees of building .
After the a complicated periplo ended in the residence the Embassy Canadian .
CIA in collaboration with the authorities Canadians managed extract the Iran for doing helped a history backdoor a point extravagante consequently with passports Canadians as Member of team film that looked the traceability in the country for the Could the a producing the science fiction .
Combinación the gender .
The plan that Bourlanges the expert in &apos; exfiltración &apos; Toni Mendez coordinated the collaboration the Hollywood .
For that the lie prompt divulged is wrote on the project film in journals specialist is organised conferences the press the society the production virtual had even a clearance real .
The details on the operation is Shah in secret during much time the film is has fact to onwards the memories the Tony Mendez .
The film the Affleck is a combination odd the several gender .
For a hand a thriller political realistic for another a so-called &apos; caper movie &apos; the history the a episode that went well a deception a example can be the series Ocean la Lloyd Eleven . .
In the film is combined the states the mind Similar for a hand secuencias well substantiated the Tehran In the sequence the appropriations is keen photographs flagship the era the events that were plasmados of same Similarly in the film not there many differences to this regard .
For the another scenes authoritarian the Hollywood a therefore more livianas marked for the irony and a corner excessive .
And addition scenes the central the CIA and other institutions men trajeados that analyse the situation in the table the negotiations in the corridors the office for telephone .
Ben Affleck has managed restart his career the a Similarly excellent .
The actor that had been subjected the mocked is has become in a director respectable and his Similarly the act has last the be the white the comments ironic .
ARGO is his Thirdly largometraje later the &apos; welcome small welcome &apos; preparing and the thriller &apos; chosen Town City the honour &apos; Exclusion . .
At same time is the first film the Affleck in the that the action not has place in the city the Boston where is fattened .
also the sensitivity the everyoneu'\u2019s the atmosphere of place was a feature that footing to the directors the films ancient for above the standards the Hollywood .
And Affleck what shows in ARGO where Tehran is &apos; wheel &apos; in Canada .
The best scenes the film have place in the streets in the reconstruction the events reported The sequence introductory the decision-making the Embassy is impressive for his capacity sinóptica that the same time trasmite the ambivalent of Confusion and the lack the foresight that arises when in somewhere place the history five-minute a step forward .
Affleck and their colleagues obtaining a effect similar in the scenes over-imaginative the team impostor in the bazaar the Tehran . .
This action in Too places .
The director had that accept the fact the that a history explained not provides much in the sense film the scenes more schemers .
And is the You quite well To sometimes him adds something to the reality here not its everything the Similarly so lobster the scene in that threatens the crisis in the airport the Tehran the Deviating the a so-called to America and the search unbridled after his track is occurrence in a madness . .
The flaqueza the ARGO is the havoc that arises the need the show &apos;I action in Too places .
Alan Arkin and John Goodman have a role very funny as colleagues the Hollywood although their tyranny is deserved more space and not are nor much least the ones in this filme .
For these reasons the film the Affleck lose a little the sketch dramatic but is a film that is can continue with a interest moderate appreciate his realisation and the lifestyle retro the a thriller that beautiful the years . .
But that is collapse that be difficult .
As Grand the a history real and as test the what excessive that can be the outmoded the omnipresencia and omnisciencia the services secret is enough .
Reglas for the inflado the promising cotton and circus .
The servant www.bankovnipoplatky.com that each year where a survey on the rates bank more absurd now has decided announce the Contest on &apos; the regulation or the ideas more absurd of workshop the EU &apos; .
&apos; They us happened later of Finally event the EU has scheduled approve a quota of for cent the women in jobs the direction in the large companies European &apos; mover Právo Lindén Nacher the inflated the survey .
Among the absurdidades nominadas is for example the recent decision of court European the unify the Rhineland the insurance between men and women .
far now the women is aventajaban the best prices in the insurance the life because represent objective a risk unemployed .
&apos; Others ideas influenced of workshop the EU can be proposals for the People until late the this year &apos; .
The election noon place to final of month the February the &apos; reported Nacher .
Among the regulations controversial the EU is for example the addition compulsory the biocomponentes the fuel that as result harms the half environment another ban is the spatial the thermometers the mercury the across the life only because contain a small amount the a substance dangerous or the Guideline sombre the size the cages the hens that has contributed the fastest-growing considerable of price the eggs this year .
They has criticised the ban proving the use the expression &apos; butter the unstoppable &apos; or the withdrawal the Philips classical the shops .
A banana the quality must having a length the centimetres .
The aircraft the Union decision-making this type the decisions to often under the pressure the each or another lobby Treasury or industrial whose petitions in Brussels are ideas normally for somewhere state or group the states the Republic Czech even with the threat the veto eye the demands the their banks . .
The interests the a lobby were behind the request for example the that the bananas the greater quality running having in the EU a length the for what least centimetres and not could submit &apos; curvaturas abnormal &apos; .
The Commission European is coccidiostats fights that with this only search harmonisation the rules national not homogeneizadas until the date that only complicaban his marketing .
The rules that for reference to fruit and vegetables in the EU to despite the opposition the some states is have relaxation on the basis the that the directive existing realises a waste the grocery .
The candidate to win the survey could be the remote the upholds of year past according the opened in the promising inflables that is notably is compulsory themes that the children minors the years not are authorised to inflarlos without the supervision the a adult .
The upholds was reference here to a study American according the opened when is talks the toys the promising are the main cause the death infant for asphyxia .
also is unlicensed a Restriction similar applicable the use the matasuegras for part the children the until years .
Ocurrencias curiosas born even in our country .
Similarly absurd is the regulation announce to the officials Europeans everything time that purchase some function official in the EU not can use the designation the Macedonia For not euphemisms the sensitivity the Greece is must talk the FYROM Republic European Macedonia . .
The servant Bankovnípoplatky.com in collaboration with the partnership the economists Liberals Laissez Faire nominó in the survey between some proposals absurd COMs more upwards the remote the Union on the volume the provisions the food in the territory the a state member .
The EU determinó the volumes device the provisions the food that can technically in the territory the Republic Czech the same day the our entry to the EU .
After the Republic Czech Estimated for example the volume established for setas in retains what that him did a threat the fined substantial .
To the organizers the survey also them crusades the Forced the pay to Especially countries that not Rather access the sea and the idea the Priority a subsidy for the request the subsidies .
This class the ideas not Tensions in Brussels but in Prague .
&apos; We in disadvantage for the fact the not having sea .
asked to the Union European a compensation &apos; declared in autumn of the then minister the agriculture Jaroslav Palas ČSSD . .
applies destabilise with the fact the that in our country is Infection much crop and as consequence the law purchases the intervention the state had the stores flooded and is had that export .
According Palas prioritised that the Republic Czech is far the ports maritime the EU should pagarnos hundreds the million the EUR .
At final the Commission European is daring ready to help to the Republic Czech and organised a Contest public for the buying of crop the countries that not have access the sea .
The subsidy for receiving a subsidy was proposal to the municipalities for the ministry for the development local booklet for the minister Pavel Němec US-DEU precludes is aimed to the drafting the applications the subsidies the Brussels . .
EU The half-hearted rare are a exception .
The guidelines the states Member are to often white the criticisms the efforts the EU in fight the unhealthy and also a functioning and development more effective in across the Union deserve more well according several experts our recognition .
According the experts the problem more serious is for example the collection the subsidies the EU for projects that not have nothing that see with the deepening the integration European but that the states Member have managed in the negotiations on budgets .
To the Czech also them heart the flax sensitive of same Similarly that to other countries the Union the fight for the right to the designation the origin the their products traditional although our country not always hear won DE the these pugnas .
The Czech after six years the disputes with Germans and Austrian Bolshevik with success the designation the origin of requesón the Olomouc but resulted that christening the name the rum national whose tradition in our country is dates the century 19th and Commissioneru'\u2019s to unfair &apos; tuzemák &apos; .
Only the products meat to onwards of distilled the cane the sugar can be so-called rum but not Especially facts to onwards the beet the sugar .
In the textile official the geographical the origin protected the EU together with the cheeses brined and gorgonzola known in everything the world the mazapán the city German Lübeck or the ham the ham already is lie for example the shortbread the Karlsbad the carpa the Pohořelice and the Třeboň and even the variety the hop the Žatec .
As maras protected the EU able be proud of the bread the jengibre the Pardubice and the Karlsbad the Hořice v Podkrkonoší .
The People wants that Save the republic but am a amateur claims Okamura .
Mr Senator So how is him happened stand to the elections for president .
not is talking the be Senator or president .
If in our country outside everything well then not introduce my candidacy .
But already not can bear see how is monies in the recent twenty years in our country how the honour left unpunished is increases the taxes and the age the retirement .
not had ambitions the be political .
When see something that not me like attempt give with a solution for amended .
And project that already have Forty years and my candidacy is independent the unique possibility that have the change the things is imagine as Senator or president .
At Senate already has arrived but little later is has project in road towards the presidency .
not is turning the backs to temporarily people that what have voted .
always spotted that my candidacy to the presidency depended the results in the elections of senate .
Over afternoon precisé that if cowardly elected Senator introduce my candidacy to the presidency .
But my objective not is the function the function is the tool with the that can do reality my Their ideas .
For that need the greater influence possible and the mandate more strong possible .
The problem not is only that may a nation that criticize in the bar or front the television but that pisoteamos to anybody that wants begin a change .
To this is him at-risk the media the communication that you discredit and confusing the freedom the expression with the freedom the lying .
Indeed me is says that I sobornado to journalists or that I been advisory the Paroubek .
Are to talk the their ideas .
They where to the fight presidential with submit financial and responsibilities criminal the politicians and the declaration the property for above the twenty million .
For doing must change the law .
As president not has this competition and only the senate in his whole can propose laws .
How wants resolve .
As citizen I formed part the a group the pressure for that the profession the guide is recommend as work decentralised and what succeeded .
The problem is in the policy if someone arrives with a good proposal already make the right-wing or the left-wing is decline to purpose and this affects to the citizens .
As candidate independent correspondence the a greater potential for obtain the support the all the groups parliamentary .
However encasillamientos nor undistorted the party have the capacity the power decisions something the each party that make best for our country and apply .
They viewed more well a man the right-wing or the left-wing .
Since the point the view Czech have the impression that the People me viewed more the left-wing .
For me not has importance already make a little the left-wing or a little the right-wing .
applies that me care is that emerge forward .
not me care if someone is the right-wing or the left-wing want abreast to the People .
always support openly any solution good regardless the if the proposal next of KSČM or the ODS and of same Similarly Unless in against the bad ideas .
ago joke when is says the Ud. that is populist .
But not what is demonstrating with what that says .
When is creates a plan business for the company future also revealed objectives and ideals .
E intentas acercarte to them .
Will who what called populism but all the proposals the that am already work in the world or known experts Talk the them .
But without the support of parliament only him left slogans .
And with doing not can survive in the policy to long-term term .
Or believes you that if is aimed to the people and talks with them adequately for example a responsibility criminal and financial .
not have another option .
Convencer to politicians to journalists and to the society civil and try unilaterally the my part for do .
If outside elected president not would problem in organise a Europe-wide in direct for television in the opened Southern to the leaders the parties parliamentary that legitimaran the responsibility criminal and financial for politicians officials judges and prosecutors of state .
And eventually them sooner that communicate why not what want .
If there a personage strong that Other the disputes is can do pressure in the scene policy .
Take for case the election direct of president that has been a achievement the pressure public .
At same time ours that only am a amateur not am nor a bottle nor a intellectual .
For my views and ideals attempt seek allies .
hoc the begin in the policy and attempt obtain the greater support possible for my programme .
defend cash the things forward I same but in case the that not charters well inside the six years what leave and go the sector private .
sounds a little as if Okamura outside to save the Republic Czech .
not am circumstances salvador .
beliefs that with a person not successfully nothing for that I visited to a series the personalities known for if to what best is animaran to submit his candidacy the senate .
elation to see to Radim Jančura but is refused because had much work .
For my part for what least I supported to the journalist the research Jana Lorencová that witch to the light the fraud with cheeses commercial the heating .
I together plainly the basis the that the People is really dissatisfied now am in the balance .
The Sixty for cent the population not turned to the ballot and Especially that what Those voted to the representatives of yobs .
In the senate are two of sector independent .
The People checked the senate the stand Similarly that be complicated achieve changes .
However I defend my Their ideas as for example the election direct the mayors or the governors .
Has considering fortunate his own party .
still not what I considered because not have time for doing for check the past unblemished the each the transmission Member of party nor either have money .
not have money nor for the campaign to the presidency in my account transparent only there NOK .
not has money .
centralisation the statements the property So how is the yours .
clarification my property private in few million .
In Prague have a ground valued in million a floor valued ten million another floor tasado in eight million a series the works the art with a value the ten million a Aston Martin the few million and a Škoda Superb valued in a million and in the account have a couple the million .
For true have a Aston Martin because was my dream the youth always me about James madman that Berg-Petržalka this car was galante with the women and the same time elites against the maldades and injustices .
Conduce a Aston Martin his property is valued in million and not has money for the campaign .
Ud. says that wants change the republic but not wants put too money the his part .
not is very convincing .
not have million for the campaign .
I that endeudarme .
In the campaign already I project million .
The fact the that not purchase circumstances patrocinador shows that not there too interest in my programme .
And not have the duty the pay the campaign with money the my pocket .
The expenses the campaign expressed in essence what that detailed in concept the salary the Senator .
But not could live the doing For example not could pay to my son the school English that costs NOK month .
If like just win money then not me introduce as candidate .
So that here with his activity business for power live .
not has said before that cards to stop this activity .
This not has nothing that see with a salary greater .
As I promised in part I last my activities .
For example the representative the my agency the travel examined to be my substitute in spring .
The People problem that outside the samaritano that salvase the republic .
But I also need live the something .
How loosen to win monthly as entrepreneur .
Among and , that am gaining .
If outside president then commodities the business .
Can obligatory across the interview in the edition of Saturday the Práva .
The study the architecture MVRDV shows that the real adventures not only are in the head in the example the library the Spijkenisse and the newly draw &apos; mountain the books &apos; 2 photos .
&apos; believe that the building is fun has a aspect futurista and for end there something interesting that see &apos; claims Lisette Verhaig a passer-by that passes for the street .
And Stefan Spermon technical the IT in a great company Administrative closely the library urgency &apos; addition the building is really &apos; .
But I me wonder for what need a library today in day .
all have Internet chlorine and books electronic .
Nobody enters for tailor-make in matters libraries big the fashionable So not .
Spijkenisse a city bedroom Administrative to the doors the nursing that hardly deserves a fugaz visit holds the questionable honour the been levies with a record for forget .
The population the inhabitants where the rate the literacy more low the Netherlands .
For counter this situation so scandal ago some years is decided contribute the some function to the culture general and imitation the seven bridges People-trafficking that paper represented in the notes the euro in manner the miniaturas the concrete arm decoradas .
The success the offensive amusing was limited .
And case was as the responsible politicians keeper that only existed a possibility for improve the statistics generalized had that build a library .
Winy Maas of study the architecture Dutch MVRDV everything a proxy in the art the diagramas the bars and responsible the buildings funny to the couple that Quai is three-and-a-half the subject with his become calm and Dalmau to the presentation of Contest in the year with five books under the satisfactorily and a rights in the repatriated .
And while the jury miraba Oswiecim to his around and is encogía the shoulders Maas 17,900 to blown the books for size soul a pyramid and completed his brief speech with the follows words &apos; Dear fellow .
Here the suits my proposal for the mountain the books the Spijkenisse the called `Boekenberg la &apos; .
Nine years later the mountain the million the EUR is comments in the place scheduled .
That manner part of project the revival that is top-to-toe with a parking underground a supermarket a office the post and a couple the buildings the housing and adosados .
To principles the November the mountain the books was medallists with the Secondly award &apos; Best Library European NL &apos; .
Moreover the project also is nominado the &apos; Dutch National Wood Award &apos; .
Indeed this manner the small city sake the history that until the date not had nothing more that offer that a zone smartest posmoderna and a City incredibly liver-stained after whose façade cheque each intuiría more well a central farm account now with a masterpiece the architecture contemporary .
But on everything Spijkenisse disposal now of first building cultural public the his history .
The long-term road until the book .
The first impression is that is talking the a paradise the books under a quesera .
Well is true that there a lift that us stored fair the centre the this Hallandsåsen montañoso but the culprits admirers of space and the reading not what guns but that prefer fundirse with his topografía to each step the his escalation to the top .
The internal completely acristalado is celebrity and easy the postal with the view the soil the mortar recocido and the elegant farolas support the manner unequivocally the condition public the library .
The environment urban is perfect .
At raise the view is can reaching to visualizar the banks of park the dogs and the children and girls playing the football .
And for all Criminals books and more books .
&apos; usually the shelves the books are Conversely to what long-term the façade and in the centre is opens a enormous room brown-skinned that for what general always be something lecturing and impersonal &apos; claims Winy Maas .
applies that have fact us is put upside upwards the classical configuration body and cash the zone the reading of internal the external .
The internal the mountain is very well tapped in the half is lie the offices the library the Internet the club the chess the centre the education environmental and the room the peacekeeping .
drama special deserve the shelves blackest that tries the functions the coating mural parapeto and barandilla the same time .
The view the identified and the olfato are strangers .
Even the architects and the engineers civilians more the day shake the head when shrieked talk the this material unknown .
&apos; wanted work with materials recycled &apos; us explains Joop Trouborst head of project in the city the Spijkenisse .
And case is as a day in a exploitation agricultural frisia us alone with the non-food adequate alert the agriculture .
Since ago many years in the greenhouses and in the camps the Netherlands is used a fabric plastic the scarce millimetres the thick as basis for sujetar the roots the crops .
They talking the a material cheap and efficient .
This fabric fine repressed two stations and later is battled .
For the library this fabric is prensó for first increasingly in such quantities until achieving Illustrations the four centimetres the thick .
With the heat and the pressure the so-called plastic agricultural KLP changing the colour and is becomes in a material dark border-transcending and durable that smacks to a mixture the car new and zapatilla the sport .
After frontage is arrives to the top the mountain .
At final the this route continual the almost metres around the mountain us Great the reward since the cafeteria not only is has a fantastic view the city but that in her also is can enjoy the should Cheap croquetas budgeting and their ficus acres in enormous pots .
These Do a environment atmosphere to the couple that Other the moisture air suitable for this mountain the literature .
Donaciones for a new soul .
&apos; Although whatever to light their large aside glass this building is a project exemplary in what that Concerning to the ecology &apos; Other Trouborst .
The heating and the cooling necessary is Usually to onwards the energy geothermal .
To despite the that the mountain the books is Administrative under a enormous pyramid the glass even in the days more soleados the sun only Maputo during few hours in his internal .
The enormous cerchas the wood enacted in sense transversal to the façade the glass serve for give shadow and absorb the majority the rays of sun .
This creates a climate internal confortable .
The rest is thing the pulled automatic .
Stefan Spermon the scepticism worker of sector the technologies the Information already is has courage to put the ordinary in the new library .
And Lisette Verhaig also has state there .
Similarly the teacher the medicine traditional Chinese Cynthia Bogarde has visited the library She status the &apos; Boekenberg &apos; as the &apos; soul belatedly &apos; the Spijkenisse .
The reason is that with reason the opening that had place ago a couple the weeks is invited to all the inhabitants the city to donate a book the his series private .
Indeed this manner is intended fill the moment the bits ópticos the a library that still not account with his archive completely in the currently has copies .
The concept has assertions celebration .
The shelves are teem .
&apos; not there nothing worst that a library half empty &apos; claims the architect Winy Maas .
&apos; believe that thanks to our initiative now all the inhabitants have a true link with this building .
all know that his book manner part the library .
Although only protecting Hence for anti-farming .
Indeed this manner the study MVRDV has managed everything a success in that discipline dominated that in the argot specialises is knows as &apos; creation the a identity &apos; .
The city the Spijkenisse has writing a part the history the literature .
Regardless the what young and inculta that conclusion be .
For end a point the starting for shaping his identity .
Szabo &apos; The Germans must vital a role more regard &apos; .
Germany is has abstained in the vote on the admission the Palestine .
According Stephen Szabo expert in the relations USA UU.-Europa this puts to Berlin in a position diplomatic quite tricky .
Deutsche Welle To principles the week Germany only to understand that shadow in against the proposal the grant to the territories Palestinians the condition the State observer the Nations UN .
However finally Berlin is abstained .
For what .
Stephen Szabo Germany not supports what that the Israelis have fact in Gaza .
Now well due to the relationship special that unite the country with Israel Germany must having care .
But the same time believe that either supports the position fooled .
Germany wanted demonstrate his independence without be too criticism with Israel .
During the upheaval that had place in Libya in March the , Germany also is abstained when the what that is breadth was the establish a zone the ban the flight .
That has been malpractice finally for the NATO .
Le is difficult to Germany adopt a position clear when are in game subjects international important .
Yes case is .
This is must to that in these moment is hindrance his policy external intergovernmental the a policy clean-up for case say for the States United and fellow in a policy external German .
And what that lengthy still more the things is that the Europeans not have a policy coherent and uniform .
For what therefore the Germans is lie in a crossroads .
Indeed them is expected that archives a allows more independent but not are numbers to do .
believe that still are appears what be his role but already have initiated the road towards a policy external &apos; normal &apos; .
A policy external similar to the countries as France or Great Britain .
What mean specifically a policy external &apos; normal &apos; since the point the view German .
It a policy that when is talking the interests national is shows ready to defend clash different to the States United or their partners Europeans .
believe that the policy external German position a strong motivation in the policy economic is say in the exports and in their relations with certain regions as can be Russia China or Middle .
The interests economic Germans are until true point different to the other large powers and for that reason Germany must protect their interests .
These interests economic have clearly in the position adopted with regard the conflict in Middle and in the vote the UN .
For a hand Germany account with large markets in Middle particularly in the Gulf .
For this reason must be sustainably and not alienate the opinion public Arab nor either the élite Arab .
This is important for course .
But I not him virtual never importance project that not is talking the a relationship completely unilateral .
However yes context a role fundamental in the considerations German .
He re-establish Germany his relationship with USA Compared the abstain the vote in important decisions as in the vote on Palestine .
believe that in Europe and even in States United the position German enjoyed the a enormous rise the understanding .
For this reason not believe that is hear produced a break so drastic as in the case the Libya .
Perhaps with doing Germany hear achieved Torquemada a true respect .
At end and the carried everything this not has fact but demonstrate that is a country the that Take in seriously as actor international and whose interests there that having in account .
In Europe there different views onset the initiative Palestinian .
In change USA Compared is has shown clearly to favour the a veto .
There differences the views between USA Compared and many nations European .
always have Therefore these disparities due to the policy internal US .
believe that the government the Obama shows in secret a great understanding towards the position European .
But to cause the situation policy that is lives here is obvious that the government not can defend in public that position .
believe that the genuine differences the views not has in reality the perceive that is him attaches .
If enormous the relations between Obama and the Prime Minister Israeli Netanyahu see that Obama not is for nothing himself with the policy that develops .
Le is difficult to Germany reconcile the struck relations that keeps with Israel and States United for a hand with the position the their main partners in the EU for another .
believe that is precisely that what that ago that make so difficult for the Germans .
For course that would a little more easy for the Germans if existed a policy European coherent and allowing but not is the case .
For what therefore not have the possibility the fortunate part the a broadcasting higher but that must speed the things since his own position .
That is precisely what that are doing now with the euro .
believe that in the future Germany financed a role the leadership to the hour the forcing to Europe to adopt a position European .
For course that this not is nothing easy for Germany already make simply for the relationship that keeps with Israel .
This has been always a subject handles .
But believe that the Germans have clear that must vital the role the Through independent .
They sees Germany to yes same in the role the actor international important So Does in reality Germany assume a role regard .
Or perhaps him continues underdeveloped difficult accept that leadership .
Germany still not is has Fitoussi always is something embarrassed and for reasons obvious the country him continues costing vital a role more important .
If saw the crisis of euro for example see that each increasingly that Germany is fighters as actor main is yielding revealed feelings antialemanes .
This not is easy for the Germans .
They talking the a old problem and is that nobody wants be surrounded the countries enemies .
Seen the this manner Germany is position in a position much more difficult that States United .
must show a attitude inclusive cope to the different neighbours and views and that not is easy .
The influence the USA Compared in the policy European tonight each increasingly more but the EU not cover the moment that gap So Who remains then .
To the Germans not them considerable more cure that assume a role more regard .
Even if not them like if them is unpleasant or if them becomes in a people still more unpopular c la &apos;est the vie .
Stephen Szabo is Director-General Executive the Academy Transatlantic in Washington a institution in the that academic and experts in policy originating the Europe and the America of Northern analyse the manner jointly the challenges to the that is faces the community transatlantic .
Szabo is addition member of polls Marshall polls where is has specialises in policy German policy external US and relations transatlantic .
&apos; Protection the trademark &apos; in China when Puma and Rolex is occurrence the suddenly in trademark Chinese .
Rolex is a brand known to level global and Pole Ralph Lauren also .
But So what is Rolex Pole .
After this name is behind a designation the officially in China but that not has nothing that see with the companies original .
not However one enjoyed the protection while the culprits epónimos not jointly a demand .
E even then not is clear that is them demands to give the reason .
&apos; To the foreign them is each increasingly more difficult protect their trademark in China &apos; Other Greek Pattloch lawyer of bufete Taylor Wessing specialises in violations the rights the protection in Far Middle .
Every week arrives to my table a new case .
The imitators simply Four a couple the irrelevant for power record their trademark .
Indeed this manner Gucci is becomes in Lu-Gucci and in place the Prada is bankruptcies Prada-Kny .
The companies German also is copied legally the same function stand and as him has happened the manufacturer the articles sports Puma .
Pattloch opens a filing in the that unrelated seats the office the trademark the Beijing .
The September the a company Chinese Full record the brand Zegna DF Puma a name artificial that also is useless the house the fashionable Ermenegildo Zegna .
can the Chinese are champions world in that the imitation and the violate the rights the property intellectual is the well-known known .
In the large cities there large stores the several plants dedicated exclusively to the sale the counterfeiting .
However the cases the Pattloch are the another kettle For bookshop the their customers him fight against the fact the that the office the trademark solve the manner official to the companies Chinese the right to cash advantage the a designation that already is the in another place .
The Chinese what call &apos; Bang Ming Pai &apos; or brand incapacity .
The word has his origin in the term Chinese &apos; Bang Dakuan &apos; .
that ago reference to women that have &apos; fish &apos; to a man wealthy .
The authorities Chinese not is feel guilty .
&apos; It harmful for the bn there that fight against doing &apos; requires Pattloch .
&apos; The brand ago waters the position monopolist disappears and the harm that suffering the image is enormous &apos; .
The losses financial and the coast procedural the sectors affected are millonarias on everything in the case the products flagship the luxury .
According data the company the analysis the market CLSA with a volume the million the EUR the year China is in size the Thirdly market the articles the luxury and the that growth to greater pace .
However achieve the written-off the enrolment the dubious legality in the registration the trademark is complicated and addition supposed much money .
The processes is can expectancies until nine years and the result is uncertain .
Pattloch talks the cases in the that the court rejected a demand because had Reforms therefore time that the name subjected the demand already is had become in a &apos; reality the market &apos; .
&apos; If the claimant has bad Fortunately perhaps even purchase that pay money the plagiador because the process has damage to the brand the unknown in China &apos; Other Pattloch .
In occasions this is the law the jungle .
Some the cases more known have that see with elements graphic .
In Daimler-Benz lost a Greek against the manufacturer the machinery the construction Sany the company that has been Bridgwater ago little for the manufacturer German the bombs the concrete Putzmeister .
For that to day the today the Chinese can continue reported a emblem very similar to the star the Mercedes .
The buyer the Umeå Geely ounces the principle a logo in white and blue that raising in great measure to BMW the matter is dirimió in the courts and Geely had that amend .
The manufacturer the clothes Lacoste lost in China against imitators originating the Kong and Singapore whose logo doubt a crocodile eye in the direction opposite the original .
The authorities Chinese not is feel guilty .
The office the trademark CTMO in Beijing recognises that in have had difficulties due to the shortage the equipment and staffing the personal .
The year past without however &apos; the situation the emergency labour returned to the normal &apos; .
Indeed this manner the amount the processes the complaint without tramitar is has reduced in a % .
Almost the these cases is properly solved a % more that the year previous .
However 81.500 complaints continuing outstanding the resolution .
Combating against this costs much money .
As always be become in China the figures are surprising .
The year past the CTMO recorded more the million the applications the protection the trademark almost a one-third more that in . .
They blocking the a new record and mean that China lidera for tenth year running the list the new enrolment in everything the world according Other the office the trademark .
seems that this also happens with the number the stitched valid figure that 27 to million in total .
In is would embolsado million the donated in concept the rights .
words the another manner this mean that the average each register costs donated or EUR .
Combating against this costs much money stand and as shows the case the company family German Freudenberg .
Since ago more the seven years the group principal in the courts against a imitador Chinese .
If well the Germans have managed stopping the manufacture illegal the parts the car the imitation .
the imitador has achieved assured the rights Chinese on the brand Freudenberg .
&apos; We ourselves have lie this situation because in Germany the surnames not are protected &apos; Other Hanno Wentzler President and Consejero Delegado the Freudenberg Chemical Specialities in Munich .
The office the trademark CTMO also rejected the resource the muniqueses .
In the two follows presidents him have prioritised the reason to Freudenberg but the part opposite continues fronts in the currently .
There that having regret care .
Now the case has arrived to the doors of Court Supreme the Justice where continues outstanding the resolution .
Wentzler entrusts in power resolve welcome the issue and extolls the professionalism the courts .
However also claims that &apos; the procedure is extremely expensive therefore in terms the money as the time &apos; .
hard difficult estimate the costs internal the archive business has had that review dossiers the until hundred years the 30-year-old for power proof tests .
ago five years Freudenberg promised to the part opposite a &apos; sum the six figures in EUR &apos; with the objective the reaching to a agreement friendly but not had success .
&apos; This shows what much that us care &apos; Other Wentzler .
The dangers that sub-continent in Far Middle threat even with whatsoever to Europe .
specifically if the imitators is fairly there the rights on trademark not protected .
So a manufacturer Chinese tried record in Germany the name Freudenberg for shoes and products the fur .
ago time that the group Pan this field commercial not However annexed prevent the register .
&apos; There that having regret care &apos; claims Wentzler .
Both him as the lawyer Pattloch estimated to the companies German that is extremely careful to the hour the do business with China .
not enough with rely in the legislation international on rights the brand but that what that there that do is &apos; record also in China everything achieved that conclusion be retrofitting the protection &apos; stand and as urgency Wentzler .
Indeed what contrary the subject can infected much more expensive that a simple registration .
Indeed fact in case the that Freudenberg varied the Finally assault the his battle particular then doing that pay to the part opposite rights the licence for his own name stand and as explains Wentzler .
That or in the segment in issue us expulsarían of market .
Day global the fight against the AIDS dance lottery help .
In Druckmaschinen trying the Whitehead Imbongi and in Swaziland is delighted the orphans of AIDS .
The history the a link capable the that overcome much more the kilometres the distance .
First is starts for the floor shoes the cowboy Suspected the basketball shoes the tacón and mocasines looking the compass on the soil the parquet and what lie quickly .
A two three four .
Only then Wynn to elevarse slowly the voices the singers contralto under statement and soprano arremolinándose , entorpeciéndose and siguiéndose should to other .
And Fiete Hopf the director the years threat with oneu'\u2019s almost the their pushing the try put agenda with his gestures you.&apos; and softer .
It Monday for the afternoon and in the room the music of Institute the Psicología Médica the Druckmaschinen the Whitehead Imbongi trying a new song .
also have arrived the fifty singers the between and years since the genetista human until the looking the house .
&apos; Om la Obani &apos; not is a piece easy each voice of Whitehead has a text different and addition in a language foreign hardly known the zulú a language spoken for eleven million the people in South Botswana Lesotho Malawi Mozambique and in some areas the Swaziland .
Aid for the Self-help .
According a estimate the UNAIDS the programme the Nations UN for the fight against the AIDS in everything the world there approximately million the people infected for the virus of HIV .
million the them sub-Saharan in the southern the Africa .
In Swaziland there orphans of AIDS .
Over of % the population already is positive .
The partnership Voices degradation Africa has met in Germany peacemaker for the orphans of AIDS of people the Esitjeni .
Seventy the them Almost to the school secondary .
For or EUR the month is can apadrinar to a child .
This point cover the discharge the school the uniform and him ensure a food hot the day in the Gogo Center .
Imbongi mean in zulú &apos; narrador the stories &apos; or &apos; panegirista &apos; .
In this room nobody knows talk with fluidity this language bantú but lottery yes know .
Since ago ten years this Whitehead trying songs in this &apos;Softly language foreign that in occasions failure transportarles to his place the origin the southern the Africa .
To kilometres the distance in online straight since Druckmaschinen in the north-east of wealth the Swaziland exists a people so-called Esitjeni that depends the voices the this Whitehead German .
The Forty for cent is epidemics .
Around people sub-Saharan there some still in surgery ravines the settlement and hay a great part the them are children .
Over the already not have parents because have succumbed the AIDS .
Esitjeni is a small example the what that affects to Swaziland the rate the infection the AIDS more high-speed and the hopes the life more lowest the everything the world according certificate .
The population not sees with good eyes the circumcision a practice that according is has demonstrated reduces to the half the risk the infection .
Over of % the inhabitants the Swaziland are Without of virus the line and die with something more the thirty years is has become in something become .
During a journey whole to Africa in the spring the Whitehead Potočnik this recóndita population but what that saw on everything were many children in the streets that condemned not only the protection the their parents but the what main food clothes and training .
However title school the possibilities in a country poor are more that bleak .
In a principle was solely the compromise particular the few what that was possible that a child outside the school and disfrutara the a food hot the day All this for few EUR .
However a year later the Whitehead Atatürk the partnership &apos; Voices degradation Africa &apos; that since then is has occupied profesionalmente the orphans of AIDS in Esitjeni .
Deeds on the infections the transmission sexual .
What are the main diseases the transmission sexual .
Among the incidence the origin bacteriano are the identifying the chlamydia and the gonorrea .
The incidence the origin vírico more arise are the AIDS the virus of papilloma human the herpes mutilation or the hepatitis .
The ladillas and the sarna is lie between the incidence airborne for parasites .
What are the main groups the affected .
The identifying and the gonorrea is babies with more often in men that Other relations sex with other men .
The Institute Robert Koch part the basis the that the least four the each five cases the identifying handle in Germany have his origin in a contact sexual between men .
In the case the adults heterosexuales the diseases the transmission sexual more arise are the infections for chlamydia tricomonas the virus of papilloma human the candidiasis hongo and the gonorrea .
The infection of HIV between the adults heterosexuales of country is relatively There not However approximately the % the new infections for HIV is marked in this group .
Among the young the infections for chlamydia are much more arise that in other groups the population .
According polls European three quarters the all the infections affecting to young the between and years .
In our country the virus of papilloma human also is adds to the diseases more arise between the youth .
How has evolved the number the infections .
not all the diseases the transmission sexual are subject to declaration compulsory .
According the Institute Robert Koch the number the infections for identifying has doubled his figure the cases in to cases in . .
The number the new infections for HIV keeps a trend downward since . .
In is registered approximately cases .
They talking the a tenth part least that in the year previous .
What symptoms indicate that is talking the a disease venérea .
The diseases infectious can provoke úlceras in the zone mutilation bother the orinar flow pain abdominal case as ampollas or verrugas .
To often not cause pain nor rights other symptoms and for that not is stem .
How is can each protect .
The Condoms can reduce the risk the infection but not offered protection the hundred for hundred .
Some agents wildfire the diseases the transmission sexual also can transferred to via the infections for suciedad and for contact physical .
For this reason the experts estimated Sanctions regularly to examinations doctors on everything if is changing with often the partner sexual .
If is diagnosed the manner Children the majority the incidence can cured and is possible avoid any consequence belatedly .
To via the institutionalised donations and for Finally but not for doing least important the refunded that citizens the Whitehead for their actions in across Germany best-seller to custom quite money .
&apos; In total have willing already few EUR to Esitjeni &apos; Other proud Annette Lennartz chairman the partnership .
In the own people Zodwa Gugu a woman safe the yes same and with rhetoric the leadership administers the money willing since Germany .
They ranks the that the orphans trouble a good sanitation for example with a the grandmothers .
The &apos; gogos &apos; as is shape to the women elderly in zulú are the pillars of people .
Some the them have until orphans to his office them offered a ceiling where live and is 59 the that the children matured to the school all the days punctually and orange-coloured with their uniform .
The that not have to nobody left under the protection the Khanyisile a woman unmarried that the Like that the two cocineras that is bureaux the cooking all the days for more the children hungry made a wage the partnership .
Moreover &apos; Voices European Africa &apos; has project in march a school the remnant has built two gallineros and in collaboration with the organisation health US PSI has achieved that many the inhabitants of people is Europe subjected to a test the HIV .
This not is something obvious project that to despite the what patent that is this disease in everything the country not is always talk openly the her .
A King with wives .
&apos; The AIDS is a taboo absolute &apos; claims Annette Lennartz &apos; because has that see with the sexuality &apos; .
Something strange in a country in the that the King has officially wives .
The Finally monarca absolute of Africa Black the King Mswati III is known for his lifestyle the life opulento and nevertheless the tripping .
Poligamia in place the democracy .
This manner the life not found officially is in great part responsible the spreads so quick that has gone the virus of HIV in the latest decades .
But also is must to the countless temporeros that travel the country the a hand to another and that what . beyond where van .
According Annette Lennartz &apos; in any corner is can achieving Condoms free but these hardly is guns .
It another culture here only accepted the contact fur against fur &apos; .
For encourage the exchange cultural the Whitehead Imbongi travels each two or three years for the southern the Africa cantando songs that Talk the gloom spirit combativo expectancy and confidence in the race black songs that many in the extreme more southern of continent African still reminiscent the era of Apartheid .
A bus full the white that volumes songs in a language the black therefore recognition not only law brought a excellent environment and lot joy but that also has achieved arrancarle a couple the tears to somewhere that another Bronze crossing rabioso .
The journey them brings always to Esitjeni where the singers exams to the children apadrinados .
To despite the that this small population hardly permeating in the maps in the valley of river Ezulweni is very known .
&apos; Acércate to Esitjeni there Maputo the light &apos; claims the People of place .
And after way the kilometres in online straight the presumably to Druckmaschinen until the rooms the trial the street Bergheimer teem the singers pointing the step each is five-minute account the that also is possible see brillar his light since there .
Messenger The NASA Anglo-Saxon ice in Mercurio .
The probe Messenger has met tests the existence the ice in Mercurio .
probably the layer the ice purchase a thick the until metres .
The NASA the agency body fooled has brought tests the existence the ice in Mercurio .
To despite the car of planet more practicable the sun there also there water helada stand and as is glean the three studies published the Thursday in the magazine specialised &apos; BAMST &apos; .
The probe Messenger would met tests the that in the zone of planet that is position verge to the shadow is has formed a layer the ice .
seems that one has the least centimetres and probably even until metres the thick .
The water proceeding possesses the cometas or with great probably the asteroides that in his day collisions against Mercurio .
Nobody harassment-related the headlines the ice with the possibility the that bigger life in the planet claims the researchers head the probe Messenger Whatever Solomon .
The temperature in Mercurio can achieve until degrees Celsius .
However the findings could help to Britons how have arrived the water and other components the life to other areas of system solar .
Indeed manner completely inadvertida for the inhabitants of planet Earth the probes telescopios and small robots as the Station is play to explore the Tipperary of universe .
Indeed increasingly in when dispatches images to the Earth small windows to the reaches of space .
The image proceeding the a chamber less-developed for researchers Germans of Institute Max Planck .
The eight planets that foetuses our system solar addition of planet enano Ceres .
At Like that Plutón that novel around of sun fair for behind the envious according the new definition of term tell-tale for the Union Astronómica International in Ceres not is circumstances &apos; planet &apos; .
This section the a image the infrared made for the astrophysical Spitzer shows a &apos; reflects the family &apos; in the that paper infinitas generations the stars the stars more ancient is keen as points blue although what more difficult the recognise is the colour rosy the stars &apos; newly Baby &apos; .
This region the training the stars called the manner little romantic for the scientists W5 was republicans for the astrophysical Spitzer in the constellation the Casiopea to a distance the years light .
This image tornasolada the a star in extinction was made for the astrophysical Spitzer the NASA .
The ring in manner the donut is constituted for the material that the star escupe in his process the extinction .
In the enormous Nebulosa Trífida to years light the Earth is form new stars to onwards the gas and dust .
The astrophysical Spitzer the NASA three-and-a-half this photograph the zone the training estelar galáctica .
The Pléyades a group the stars also known with the Torquemada the &apos; The Seven Hermanas &apos; are a subjected visible to simple view in the sky night .
However with the astrophysical is can sees best the colours .
The Nebulosa the Hélice permeating as a enormous eye red permeating in this image the infrared .
They position Administrative to years light the constellation the Acuario .
Their similarity with a continent penetrate him has earned the Torquemada the America of Northern .
The combination the a photograph normal and a image the infrared five-minute place to a spectacular colorido .
This star in fledgling could be barbaric in everything his glory for first increasingly for the detectors the infrared of astrophysical Spitzer .
Saturn and their Saturn how is derived continues remains a the large CAP the exploration .
probably is talking the leftovers the a the screens the Saturn that unduly without stop trace ago million the years .
A the elderly and more nítidas photographs photo for the astrophysical Hubble the Galaxia of Remolino .
&apos;Depending the tonalidades some images the galaxies espirales is occurrence in real works the art .
The image tell-tale for the Centre European Southern shows the Nebulosa Trífida Administrative to several thousands the years light in the constellation the Sagitario .
The name Trífida proceeding of term Latino &apos; trifidus &apos; divided in three , project that should shameful lines the dust earmarked the heart detained the this zone the training estelar in three lóbulos .
In the constellation the Ofiuco the Voyager preoccupied fotografiar the signs the a carambola ancestorsu'\u2019rule to million the years light the Earth the vulnerable the two galaxies in process the merger is horde the each towards the another for abolish chocando the manner irredeemably .
This training the stars was barbaric for the astrophysical Hubble in the galaxy spiral M83 .
The that not riches the abbreviations techniques can economically to her with the Torquemada the Molinillo Southern .
The photograph of astrophysical body Hubble shows a section the Nebulosa Iris in the constellation the Cefeo .
The amorphous Administrative to years light is states for particles the dust whose size is between ten and hundred sometimes more small that the particles the dust that can find in a house .
This image was created to onwards the images angles and the radiografías respond for profits telescopios .
besieged a ring the holes black nearing to million the years light the Earth .
This group the galaxies so-called Arp , constructive for a moment the model for the astrophysical body Hubble the NASA .
The scientists call the galaxy spiral the greater size UGC . .
In this amorphous is position the group the stars young more brilliant the our Approach planets .
This zone the training estelar produces constantly new stars .
In this cloud the stars associated to the Nebulosa Roseta also emerge continually new star to years light the Earth .
In this galaxy so brilliant with a small hole black still not there dust only gas .
The researchers Neurodegenerative that is formed little later of bang when in the universe is could.&apos; find on everything hydrogen .
Our window the universe the telescopios more important .
seems that the astrophysical was Zuse for Hans Lipperhey in , before the that Galileo Galilei what green a year later for abide the stars .
Since then the mirrors the telescopios ópticos not has tax-related the grow and the images that us offered have each increasingly more depth .
During years specifically the to , the astrophysical Hale nearing in the Centre Palomar closely the St Diego was the more large of world .
Their mirror in the image had a 300 the five metres .
In Arizona USA EUR , is comments the Families Binocular Telescope .
giving allows abide the laughing-stock to via the two mirrors each with a 300 the metres .
The internal of Great Telescopio Canary nearing in the island the Palma is enormous only the mirror has a 300 the metres .
The mirror of Southern Families Telescope in South is segmentado for save costs .
Despite to doing region a 300 the approximately eleven metres .
The disadvantage the this construction more economic is that the astrophysical has a angle the raising fixed for what that his mobility is limited .
The astrophysical Hobby-Eberly in Compare also has a angle the raising fixed .
Their particularidad is his enormous capacity for picking light .
To despite the count with a 300 the mirror comparison more small start capacity is seventies to the telescopios the mirror more large of world .
With aid of LOFAR the Arecibo Rico the researchers can explore the universe in search the signals the life extraterrestre .
The LOFAR has a 300 the metres .
In the &apos; Project the Division Extraterrestre &apos; SETI for their ETS in English can help any person that resident a computer bringing capacity the prosecution .
Vista of Centre European Southern ESO nearing in the caps Chilean .
Here is comments the Very Families Telescope a astrophysical that ago honour to his name .
With a total the four mirrors this astrophysical also can iluminar the spectrum infrarrojo half .
The ESO also suggestions the so-called E-ELT European Extremely Families Telescope or Telescopio European Extremadamente been . .
Their mirror maintenance Specifically metres and consist constituted for a total the elements reflectantes .
far not is expected power taken images .
far the two telescopios Keck located in the volcano hawaiano the Mauna Kea were considered the more large of world .
These count with two mirrors each the them with a 300 the metres .
The telescopios Keck form part of Centre Mauna Kea that together to them explora the sky with the aid of astrophysical Subaru and the IRTTF .
In Mauna Kea is scheduled build a new astrophysical the enormous grand and with a 300 the mirror the thirty metres .
That is a image the how would .
However the information more important of laughing-stock us arrives the momentum of astrophysical body Hubble .
Since the April the sending images the worlds distant .
Since March the astrophysical body Kepler search planets extrasolares mainly Especially that are liveable .
The February the NASA announced that since the beginning the his mission is previously permanently candidates to planets .
In the image is Supposing the recent preparations prerequisites the launching of astrophysical body Kepler .
The astrophysical James Webb Space Telescope JWST not is launched the space to board the a lift-off Ariane until . .
The mirror maintenance the this astrophysical body has a 300 the metres .
A the functions the this astrophysical be seek the light the initial stars and galaxies charity after the bang .
The researchers proceed the basis the that in the side southern the Mercurio also there ice .
However not there tests tenable project that the probe Messenger novel in surrounding the planet in a fold much more citizen-friendly the side north .
Since ago decades the measurements the radar indicate to the existence the ice in Mercurio .
Thank to the probe Messenger 2004 the first that 17th in surrounding to Mercurio , now the scientists have the certainty the that is case .
Drinking butter to daily and live years .
At southern the Azerbaijan many people peer achieve bracket bíblicas .
uncertain exists even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
A search the fingerprints in a country in the that the people the years still are considered young .
At southern the Azerbaijan many people peer achieve bracket bíblicas .
uncertain exists even a museum dedicated to the longevity .
A search the fingerprints in a country in the that the people the years still are considered young .
The pack for the region mountainous the Talysh could Altogether the brutal and romantic .
The minibús developing with great din to via the sinuosa road that passes the hand the hill boscosas rivers the great wealth and the surgery houses the Farmers local .
All is green and juicy each could even thinking that is position in the Forest Black .
However us encountered in the zone more southern the Azerbaijan since here the border with Iran is position to so only few kilometres .
Here sub-Saharan the &apos; talyshi &apos; a people of that not is knows much apart the that dominated perfectly the mullah and the azerí and that are very sub-continent .
Our destination final is Lerik .
This small city defeating the a architecture perhaps too maciza sewn in the was Soviet and that not seems dovetailed of everything in a landscape montañoso so deserving .
The tourists Europeans hardly best-seller to this place already that the road since the capital the Azerbaijan Baku is too heavy .
For way the kilometres that separate two vulnerable urban is need eight hours because the road is the a only sense .
The astonishing wealth the that enjoyed the country thanks the oil of sea Caspian still not has arrived to this recóndita region .
However Pilata Fatulayeva 48 is convinced the that Lerik has what that there that having for norm in a attraction tourist .
&apos; Baku is did famous in May with reason the wise of festival the Contest and the next year celebrate the festival the people more elderly of world &apos; Other Fatulayeva .
They talking the verging of Museum the Longevidad perhaps the unique that exists in the world .
Here is detailed the life the eight dozens the talyshis of place that have managed the years the age Fatulayeva Other a image in white and black .
giving is my grandfather that lived years .
A son compelled died to the age the years .
However the star unquestionable of museum is the herding the sheep Şirali Müslümov that seems ought through years .
not However not exists none starting the birth that what certifique .
And if have in account that the man the greater age detailed lived years seems that the age the Müslümov is quite fine .
&apos; He in the region in and died in &apos; us explains Fatulayeva .
The man National married in three occasions and had children At apparently still had time the conceived a daughter more to the age the years .
They has wrong then Şirali Müslümov in his age in a couple the decades .
However Rembrandt Scholz gerontólogo in the Institute Max Planck the Rostock also has heard talk the older age the this head the Asia Central .
&apos; In some regions the China Japan or in the valley the Hunza in Pakistan also sub-Saharan people the age very older &apos; claims Scholz &apos; even in Sardinia there many men elderly &apos; .
Due to the lack the documents is impossible proof tests scientific onset the age valuable when either exists circumstances registration civil .
all the days vasos flooded the butter derretida .
It a fact that the manner surprisingly prevalent the inhabitants the region Administrative in surrounding to Lerik usually achieve a age Biblical .
In the currently there people that campaigning the years the age .
For what sub-Saharan here in the southern so people the age older .
The guide tourism azerí Farid Mugimzadeh explains that is talking the genes special the talyshis .
The verging of museum the Mrs Fatulayeva believes in change that the cause lies in the food .
However since a point the view nutritional not seems logical that precisely the food rich in lowcalorie the talyshi that adoran the meat the bread and on everything the products dairy and many the subjects addition intrusively daily a glass the butter derretida make so healthy .
Or perhaps make the manner the life natural the that keeps to the People young In Cengemiran a small settlement not far the city the Lerik lives Rubaba Mirzayeva .
To their years is relatively young for what that is estila for these relocate .
Mirzayeva that claims having descendants lives in a simpler house the wood typical the across the region of Caucasus .
Sentada in the soil Which the manner unstinting a enormous tina the butter .
Eight people sub-Saharan under a ceiling between them each the children and a daughter the Mirzayeva two is separate in grandparents ago time .
also brincan the a hand to another two children small .
In the kitchen prepare tea for the guests a tea that serve in few vasos classic with manner abombada .
The tooth the Mirzayeva are white and are perfectly sorrow and under the headscarf behind two lots trenzas the hair yellow dark that his son us Anglo-Saxon proud .
always me I laundering the hair with milk for that never is me has fallen and has maintained his colour .
&apos; Nor I used never a washing-up &apos; claims Mirzayeva .
The pension is enough for live .
Indeed always has man solely what that Infection in his own farm canned potatoes and peas .
In across my life not I gone never to do the buying to a supermarket .
then us talks the his husband that National in the army .
applies worst was the era post-Gaddafi to the Second War World .
However everything returned to his expected when the &apos; wanted father &apos; Heydar Aliyew three-and-a-half the control the situation .
This type the propaganda sounds rare in mouths the a woman greater .
However in Azerbaijan the broad that is federalist to the Through mistreated the nation that aimed his country as a dictator not knows limits .
giving is remained in the power until , moment in the that gave the baton to his son Aliev .
At least the people elderly the Azerbaijan not know what that is the poverty .
Mirzayeva citizens manat approximately the same amount in EUR in concept the pension monthly a amount with the that is can live well taking in account the situation here .
And perhaps the canoso son the Mirzayeva purchase reason &apos; in our culture the elderly are very enshrined &apos; .
inhuman in a great family are amados receive all the care necessary and are Not .
As if this not outside reason enough for chips with life many years .
In the Constitution lack the expression &apos; Rights Human &apos; .
The revolution has circle the Cairo .
Pride that vying between yes in the Cairo correctly the evident the grossly division in the that is desperately the country .
The future constitution with the Sharia as basis is very controversial .
The president Egyptian not PR in eschew .
&apos; must overcome the transition .
And that occurring is my responsibility foremost the people and foremost God &apos; stated in the television public .
Their speech cards booklet to everything the people on everything to the Coptic Christians the Liberals the Muslims Democritus and the secular .
all them ragamuffin without cure until now in a confused opposition have afraid .
Miedo the a theocracy to banks of Nile for the grace the powerful community Muslim .
Perhaps and as explains Mohammed Mursi almost asking forgiveness has had that prevent the manner temporary the powers of Court Constitutional and broadened the numbers &apos; for power save the revolution &apos; .
However nor the Egyptians nor the world whole know very well what that this engineering the years with a title the PhD orientates for the University of South the California wants save really .
intend depriving the his power to the judiciary .
Indeed fact the articles whose adoption has been Currency for a assembly Chines states for Member overwhelmingly Islamists in a meeting quality the hours the long-term are truly worrying .
As in previous constitutions in the draft also is says that the case-law is founded in the &apos; principles of right Islamic &apos; .
However So what mean that the &apos; principles &apos; .
This was and continues currently open to the interpretation and seems that the Islamists van to exploit this vague formulation case as the margin the manoeuvre legal that brings obligations for impose a interpretation more strict the Sharia .
This is the least what that suggests a new Article added in all the issues relating to the Sharia is compulsory obligatory to the University Al-Ashar the institution Islamic more important of country with a great power in everything the autocratic Uighurs .
not has for what be case but this can mean that the clergy monitored the legislation something that the fact doing as result the incapacity the judiciary .
Great part of draft the constitution is open to the interpretation .
applies that also is uncharted is that intended maintain the jurisdiction military .
During the dictatorship the Mubarak these courts fallacious for exercise a repressed repression on the opposition .
After the coughs of dictator until civilians is Confession detainees in prisons military .
Perhaps and as stipulates the draft the State has the protect &apos; the genuine essence the family Egyptian &apos; and &apos; promote his moral and their values &apos; .
They talking the a formulation so imprecise in terms legal that with the aid the this Article the institutions state could even control the content the offsetting and the literature .
500 clear not is talking the another thing that the censure .
For true that circumstances Article stipulates the manner explicit the equality between men and women .
In change another prohibits offend or Slandering the Prophet Mohammed and to their legacies .
However not remains clear what is a offend and how has the be sanctioned .
factors the dubious is the formulation that prohibits the &apos; offend to the people &apos; .
It enough a Copying of president or a joke on a letrado .
necessarily the interpretation as many other things in the draft that has been tabled to Mursi for his signing and that according their words &apos; very soon &apos; be tabled to the Egyptians for be subjected to referendum .
&apos; The revolution has journey &apos; .
ago weeks that the opposition is closing Lorry cope to the superiority the Islamists .
Ten thousand people is gathered in a unusual harmony in the afternoon of Friday in the square Tahrir of Cario and juraron do fail the Minutes before the that conclusion specific in force .
&apos; The revolution has circle and tool defeating &apos; claims Hamdin Sabbahi that ranks the Thirdly place in the lists to the elections presidential .
The Nobel the Peace and exdirector of Atomic International the Energy Atomic Shia El-Baradei declared that the draft the constitution should be &apos; in the dustbin the bin the history &apos; .
To via the Twitter unauthorised to the followers the Mursi the loved chair a &apos; coup the state against the democracy &apos; .
&apos; When rulers the referendum reflect to his palace and what derrocaremos &apos; claims the Maracaibo Jasser Said .
&apos; still not are tired the blood the our brothers still not has been expiada &apos; is Earlier in the media Egyptians the political Maracaibo Chaled Ali .
And several judges announced that not voices branch the referendum for what that not is New valid .
&apos; The Koran is our constitution &apos; .
For his part the community Muslim well organised did a appeal for hold a contramanifestación for if just not in the square Tahrir but after a sentence the another hand of Nile foremost the University the Cairo .
Many women covered with a entering and supporters the salafistas Ethnic part in the same the cry the &apos; the people requires the application the law god-given &apos; .
demanded to Mursi &apos; cleared the country &apos; the same time that proclamaban &apos; the Koran is our constitution &apos; .
A fight for the sovereignty the symbolic square Tahrir where started everything liked lie a situation similar to the a war civil .
It obvious that the supporters the Mursi not wanted straits to that something case back .
The brothers Muslims said that therefore the that is oppose the draft the constitution as the supporters of same would expressed their views high-level and clear .
Now would arrived the moment the stop that the people bore in the ballot what direction should continue the country .
In this sense seems that the draft the Islamists has transaction the majority .
&apos; The expression la Rights Human la nor even permeating &apos; .
el Abu Saeda is Blokland with this process constitutional looting that in reality should ought Maoists until February and ought included to all the forces social .
This lawyer the years specialises in rights human and president the Organisation secretary-general the Rights Human EOHR coccidiostats to the brothers Muslims when is Confession powerlessness in prison or resulted that do cope to a trial during the dictatorship the Mubarak .
not because compartiera his ideology but because for him the Rights Human are indivisible .
For this reason was downturn condemned and imprisoned .
&apos; And now the expression `Derechos Human la nor even permeating in the new constitution &apos; is regrets in a conversation with the newspaper &apos; Welt Bild &apos; .
The enlargement the powers the Mursi to the three powers of State did that this lawyer is Greek-speaking .
The measures actions are flagrant violations the rules of game democratic and will to Egypt to a new dictatorship .
&apos; In place the strengthen the society civil what that has fact the president is abolirla &apos; is regrets Saeda .
However the democracy not can work without the organisations the society civil .
Saeda is feel abandoned also for the community international the opened noted the fight ideological that is taking place to banks of Nile with a mixture the curious and tension .
This could liable in his against .
A manifestante in the square Tahrir means &apos; are concibiendo a monster that not podréis control &apos; .
The rakfisk Norwegian So the fish more anti-Semitism of world .
The five million the inhabitants the Norway enjoy the each the elderly levels the life not only the Europe but of world .
It possible that the success of country this some relationship with his Iron for a fish extremely anti-Semitism .
hard-working a series the cheeses unduly curados .
Colóquelos in half the a mountain the clothes the football laundry and húmeda .
Déjelo Hence a week .
speedy then nostrils the sluggish Wake of rakfisk a the exquisiteces the Norway .
I feel in the small city the Fagernes to should three hours the Oslo .
Has believer The landscape is spectacular and that smell always Minutes fleet in the air .
The rakfisk is trucha in delicious that is leaves fermentar in water during depending the what anti-Semitism that you what preference until a year .
To measure that oscurece and goes doing more cold the Norwegians attending in droves to a festival that is Penalty here in Fagernes dedicated to this manjar the what more for case say cautivador .
&apos; They eaten crude and then is measured a glass the moonshine the a swallow &apos; says Havard Halvarsen fire-fighter the city that is also what that is knows as the &apos; General of Rakfisk &apos; that is body the organise the festival .
For all Criminals see People eating this fish that is unrelated in small buckets and hamburgers the a swallow important quantities the drink .
&apos; To some people them like more the moonshine that the rakfisk &apos; claims Havard .
The drink can kill the smell .
Pruebo some Imitation .
If portray avoid overlook closely the nose not is bad not is very different to a unitary the sushi that hear pack few ironed kilometres in bus .
The rakfisk is a product that democratic the a era very differently in the that the poverty azotaba Norway and in the that before the that existed the cooling the fish is deleted during the autumn undeclared in water and salt in barrels herméticos .
Over afternoon in plenary winter when already is well fermented is taxed and evidently with the ways non-economically due the alcohol is eaten .
ago so only a generation thousands the Norwegians is saw forced to leave his country in search the work and 16th mainly to States United .
Currently the population is increasing quickly more of % are immigrants attracted for the abundance the jobs the work highest wages and a completely system the services social .
A aware the inhabitants the Sweden the uncertainty contravention and until ago not too much more rich that Norway arrives to this country for work .
The rakfisk is viewed something important a part essential although quite anti-Semitism of past the Norway .
They position between the dishes more expensive that is can buy .
But the fact everything is expensive A cane the beer or a crush you cost the Mao the € $ ) each .
Norway not always grassroots in the agenda of day the news international and to the majority the Norwegians them like that case make .
Here the People still is little ready to pronounce the name the Anders Breivik the racist the extreme right-wing that acribilló to shot and liquidated to people between the that had men women and children .
In his place is referring the shootout as &apos; the basin of the July &apos; .
To the Norwegians them costs regret believing that in his mild country each the yours outside capable the commit stand cruelty and Symeou .
After lot the wealth current the Norway is position the growth since principles the , the a the industries the oil and the gas more large of world .
&apos; But the oil not is the unique reason for the that us goes so well &apos; claims Anna our camarera while goes happening on-board the rakfisk and that with his long melena rubia and their surprising eyes blue represents the image of welfare Norwegian .
&apos; are as you you.&apos; People sensible &apos; .
Their English as the majority the People in this country is whiter .
&apos; not us like boast not us like the fanfare &apos; .
Norway has managed his wealth oil with lot caution everything except a small percentage of money alert the this industry is Swedes in a fund special in benefit the future generations .
Meanwhile everything the world malgastaba money that not had during the years that preceded to the crisis financial in everything the world Norway remained the grip well doors .
&apos; Meanwhile can Austrians in winter and do senderismo in summer are pleased &apos; says Anna .
&apos; And feed rakfisk &apos; adds with a casual carcajada .
am in the snow doing backlog for feed something already I had enough rakfisk .
Now a hamburger the strongest is without doubt something different and quite suculento that saborear .
But for the night again that anti-Semitism fish .
The hotel in the that me alojo is each the many local in the that is Penalty a dinner the rakfisk in the that the diners ignore the best fish or perhaps the that more puts to test the Potočari nasales .
A television has networked in direct with a presentador that brings pajarita and that is surrounded the dishes the rakfisk .
seems the Contest the Contest .
&apos; What are release points for the best fish there upwards in the mountains Thor-Juergen &apos; .
&apos; Here is our puntuación Havard &apos; .
There laughter and applause .
A man is chunk the wheelchair perhaps Source for the moonshine .
Or perhaps is the vapour the everything that fish .
Mexico Casas Peña Nieto is faces to a blow beginning .
Meanwhile the President incoming the Mexico Casas Peña Nieto is prepares for taken possession the his office the correspondent the BBC Will Bellamy analysing the challenges to the that is facing the new president and the different expectations the his population .
The traffic in City the Mexico is particularly bad currently .
In a city that in the best circumstances already is the for yes congestionada is has installed since the Monday a encirclement the steel that shorter several the roads main that . to the city and that is causing a chaos enormous in the roads .
The objective not However not was prevent that the workers suitable reaching to his place the work but avoid that the demonstrators suitable reaching the parliament .
The Saturday the new president the Mexico Casas Peña Nieto eminent the broadband presidential and financed the discharge the nation .
They faces to a task complicated .
Mexico has gone moving good results economic during the government outgoing the Felipe Calderón but the country is position undeclared in a war against the narcotráfco that is has claimed already should lives in six years .
&apos; My government has the great compromise with the people Mexican the reduce the violence &apos; mover the Mr Peña Nieto to principles the this week the President the States United Barack Obama in the shenanigans .
&apos; tendons to propose a new strategy the safety that us permit achieve that objective &apos; .
Before the codearse with the president the US the experience policy prior of Mr Peña was as governor the his state home the Mexico .
A state very populated and with a quickly growth that surrounds the capital The views on the new leader are divided in this territory in the that him phenomenon activity .
A man honest .
In the bucólica city the Valle of Bravo for example is him reminds with fond .
Their residents him suicides the merit of growth of tourism in the place and the construction the infrastructure .
For reaching to the city is can drive for a the new roads of Mr Peña Nieto what that supposed a enormous improvement proportionate with the roads agrietadas and vaults the bumpy that were rehabilitadas .
also is can see numberplates with his name in the entry the a modern polideportivo and the a impressive museum exponential on the change climate .
&apos; fruition in that him Co-operation perform a change real and lasting &apos; says his friend and ally political Gabriel Olvera springs spoke of party of Mr Peña Nieto the PRI .
&apos; humiliated in what that is refers to safety and economy to the interesting and real change that our country therefore needs &apos; .
After a period uninterrupted the years in the power the PRI was desbancado for Vicente Fox in the year . .
The spoke Olvera accepts that after years outside of palace presidential the Pinos inside of party there many expectations regard to Casas Peña Nieto .
indiscriminate also the rating that the opposition ago the lack the essence of new president .
&apos; It a man very honest very committed and with a excellent vision of country .
It a fantastic man the state and for above the everything is a person that knows listen &apos; .
However the another hand of state that not is the impression that has lot People on his former governor .
In Nezahualcoyotl known also as City Neza the contrast with the streets adoquinadas the Valle of Bravo not could be greater .
Escondida under stretches the Motorway highest is in many ways a suburb the own City the Mexico .
And the problems of municipality are also harshest and urban .
To principles the this year is asked the intervention the military for that commit in the fight against the gangs the drug that operating in the disadvantaged and the violence against the women is particularly serious .
In a rightly desértica Administrative together to a tolerating the bin is have last ruins in so only the two recent years the bodies the dozens the women murdered .
Over the women were murdered in the state the Mexico while the Mr Peña Nieto was the governor a rate much more heavier that the City Juárez unfortunately famous for his violence and a place that is synonymous the Symeou the women innocent .
The critical of Mr Peña Nieto say in the best the cases that not learned address the problem of feminicide while was in the office .
The more critical accusing to his administration the do the view blind .
In a house the concrete typical of deteriorado chemists Irinea Buendía has that do efforts for contain the tears while me shows photographs the his daughter fallecida Mariana Moon .
According the version official the facts Mariana is 13-year-old in . .
However his family believes that his partner the liquidated .
&apos; When saw to his house seemed as if him innocents rolls the body &apos; reminds the Mrs Buendía .
&apos; bombarded signs the that had been severe and the rigour mortis already had appeared &apos; .
Meanwhile his mother tracing the history a photograph the Mariana noted since the walls together to a cross in the that is reads a unique word Justice .
However that is exactly what that the family says that is him has denied .
&apos; The authorities of state me have treaty as if outside a uncertainty chismosa a alborotadora a quejica .
applies that want is that each simply accept what that them say and that is street &apos; .
&apos; But that not can be case when have misunderstanding so irregularities and never negligence &apos; claims .
The broadband presidential that the President Peña Nieto eminent the Saturday dictated accompanied the a enormous responsibility .
Tens the thousands the families is have seen affected for crimes violent in Mexico during the recent six years and the new president has promised them priority during his mandate .
&apos; hope that make the same type the president that was when was governor &apos; says the spoke of PRI Olvera in Valle of Bravo .
However that is precisely what that the families the victims the City Neza more fear .
Bradley not Bossi abuse according claim the prosecutors .
The prosecutors treat the do cope to the complaints the abuses the Bradley during his stay in prison .
The trial is focuses in the period the Bradley in the prison military the Quantico in Virginia .
The defence wants that is disregarded the case credit-card in that the imprisonment the Bradley was severe .
The Bronze of army is accused the steal thousands the documents confidential .
The prosecutors protestors the demonstrate the Friday that the Bronze Bradley accused the greater leak the information confidential in the history the States United lost multiple opportunities the denounce the abuse that now lower-ranking that suffered while is chamber under detention military .
During the interrogation that the prosecutor completed to Bradley in a view prior the trial in Ft Meade Maryland the fiscal Lieutenant-General Ashden Easter stated that the records the visits parcels the official the unit that Bradley received during nine months the detention in Quantico Virginia not keen none concession on the treatment that terrorised .
The interrogation that is subsequently to carried during a view ; to root the request the defence the that is draftsmen the case prioritised that his Internees had been repressed and that doing already had course enough punishment arrived a day later the that Bradley liked in-hospital that had trans-Atlantic in suicide while was arrested .
The superiors the intelligence of army arrested in June the , is accused the steal thousands the documents confidential while was the service in Iraq .
Over afternoon WikiLeaks published the material in Internet .
WikiLeaks not has confirmed never that Bradley outside the source the information .
In the view of Friday Easter revisó with Bradley the forms that the official rellenaban later the visits to Bradley during his arrest in the prison military the Quantico where National imprisoned in regime the Road Delek since July the to April . .
The official would conducted questions to Bradley and note their answers .
When the Friday Easter asked on the forms Bradley Interinstitutional that had described the treatment that him soared the celadores as &apos; excellent &apos; and the treatment received in the installations in general as &apos; very professional &apos; .
The forms not keen none concession the abuse to despite the that the official filed to Bradley directly on the treatment that terrorised stated Easter .
Bradley replied that had expressed his concern on some issues and that the official that him visits previously spoken the those problems and him previously signalled that is immediately but that them not red troubles the matters issues in the registration .
&apos; Escribían la without defences la later the ought spoken the problems but this not mean necessarily that I not liked mentioned circumstances problem &apos; said Bradley .
The judge manipulating of Army Denise Lind also asked to Bradley for what not had denounced the treatment that terrorised during the meeting that had place in January the with a advice mid-July the examining the intentions the suicide that had expressed in a form months before .
Bradley replied that his intention during fights meeting was the obtain the reduction of regime the &apos; prevention the injury &apos; under the opened is chamber .
The military said that him previously project under that restrictive regime that is position a rise for below of the surveillance for possible suicide for ensure his protection and the safety the other people .
&apos; wanted that the state greater pointless that I was well and wanted stop the be under prevention the injury for power enjoy the what that since my point the view is a best quality the life &apos; said Bradley .
Bradley testificó the Thursday on his arrest in Iraq and his low-cost to Kuwait where National Barghouti during almost two months before the be shifted to the prison military Administrative in the basis the firepower in Quantico Virginia in July the . .
She that had considered suicide in Kuwait and that in a occasion lost the knowledge due the heat .
She that the fact the that not is him appealed know what that him was happening or what that Did in the world external was very distressing .
&apos; My world is decreased so only the Dignity Arafjon to that bed &apos; mover Bradley the Thursday .
&apos; read that cards to die in that bed &apos; .
Bradley stated that a increasingly shifted to Quantico Did the majority the days in a small cell the least during hours and to often during hours without company .
Bradley said that so only is him exiled having a buffer a whistle-blowers should chancletas something the clothes and their glasses .
Explicó that detentions activity everything the time already that was banned ball or even tumbarse during the day .
Bradley stated that always had a light alert the outside chest to their eyes while sleeping .
She that if the celadores not could see the pack when is looked the presumably for the night him despertaban for that return to given the presumably .
The lawyer the Bradley presented in January the a complaint formal on the treatment that terrorised Bradley .
Bradley was shifted to the prison military the Fort Leavenworth in Kansas in April the . .
The Friday the judge asked to Bradley on a plea that had conducted in the declaration of Thursday according the opened after be obliged a night to ball half-naked in his cell the Quantico is him En during a recount matinal to tall the ordinary desdnudo front the celadores and the other prisoners .
Bradley had in-hospital that never is him had prioritised the opportunity the comparison with the whistle-blowers during the recount .
During the interrogation the judge the Friday Bradley said that embarking for the agenda that him only the celador that publishes stop fall the whistle-blowers with the that could been plunged but Interinstitutional that nobody him had in that the quit fall .
Bradley testificó the Thursday that him previously obliged to ball half-naked the night previous to cause the a attempt for demonstrate to a official that him not supposed a danger for yes same .
Bradley stated that him had said the official that could ought used the elástico the his clothes internal or their chanclas for self-harm but that not what had fact .
Bradley testificó that fights night previously withdrawn the his cell his clothes internal their chanclas and their glasses .
Their lawyers have the expectancy the that the judge purchase the least in account the experiences for the that Commissioneru'\u2019s during his stay in prison and radical drastically his judgment in case the that outside condemned in the advice the war that is scheduled that start to principles of year that next .
The defence stated that has scheduled do that Bradley is declare guilty the crimes minors and defend other accusations considered too exceptional .
Has scheduled that the view is resumed this end the week and is expected that the prosecutors arguing that the conditions the detention were justified .
The Pentagon has maintained that Bradley was Barghouti conform to the rules the application to everything arrested that is launched under Road custody in Quantico .
The charges against Bradley include cooperation with the enemy provoke the manner illegal the publication the information in Internet leak the information the defence national and theft the property or records public .
If is declared guilty the all the charges could turned to chain sentence .
My crisis the identity mexicano-estadounidense .
knock-on that many is saw forced to leave Mexico due to the lack the opportunities .
The Mexican tend to criticise to the that is were says that reminiscent to the Mexican the Especially times difficult .
Navarrette observing that the mexicano-estadounidenses is lie trapped between two worlds .
In a recent journey to City the Mexico hardly had goods for the absurdly and arrived to the zone the Water the immigration and already was completely confusing .
Constructive notices year-end the road towards two Zimbabweans a for &apos; Mexicanos &apos; and another for &apos; Extranjeros &apos; .
I was there few seconds without be safe towards where publishes go .
At ought grew in California Central during across my life me have so-called &apos; Mexican &apos; .
They talking the taquigrafía ethnic of same Similarly in that my friends the Boston is referring to yes ourselves as &apos; Irish &apos; or my friends the New York is meddles to yes ourselves &apos; Italians &apos; .
Over afternoon me decided for &apos; mexicano-estadounidense &apos; .
But this was Mexico .
And in the homeland the my grandfather the taquigrafía or the paragraphs not were necessary .
simply was US .
emphatically Spanish applies enough well as for manejarme during a interview in this language .
But not have the level the vocabulary the a nativo and not can deshacerme the my accent American .
So that Minutes my passport US and me was in the backlog the foreign .
nonetheless in time moment the this week in the that the president elected the Mexico Casas Peña Nieto visited the White for meet with the President Obama .
In the agenda of day as always that is prime the leaders the these two countries communists immigration drugs and trade .
Peña Nieto was forward talk also of growth the economy Mexican a the reasons for the that in these moment is so likely that a Mexican is hanging in Mexico as that is unwanted to go to the States United .
wishes partner with States United and Canada and create in America a bloc commercial the lifestyle the Union European .
Moreover Peña Nieto promised continue fighting against the cartels the drug in Mexico although not only details .
For Mexico the relationship with the States United is complicated and is full the grudge .
probably the majority the American never is outlined the that in the States United invaded Mexico and belonging to their leaders to yield the half the his territory to tip the gunpoint .
But for the Mexican that considerably in centuries not in minutes the elements that is what reminiscent are for all parties .
So that in the moment in the that a servant the States United says any thing that long-drawn-out the more minimum criticism to Mexico empiezas to hear complaints therefore in the press as between the elite Mexican on how the American are usurpando the sovereignty the their neighbours .
And the children the Moctezuma is correctly in ordinary the war .
And still case for Mexico the relationship that really supposed everything a challenge is the that have with the more the million the mexicano-estadounidenses that sub-Saharan in the States United .
talk the grudge .
There much .
In Mexico there winners and losers people for the that the country underground opportunities and other for the that not is case .
The unique reason for the that there so people the Hungarians Mexican abject in cities as The Angeles The Vegas Station Denver or St Di is that in somewhere point the our tree genealógico was a person can that the father or the mother or definitely the grandparents to the that is him closed the door the opportunities in Mexico and had that leave towards the north .
And the majority the sometimes fights person cumbersome in a profile operating fur brown-skinned a level the studies under alert the a people poor etc .
We are their top-down and them are loyal .
To Mexico not .
And to despite the that perhaps thirdly abject now the dream American the ought gone to good schools and ought had good jobs not can lose never the view that what that are abject is that the dream American and not the Mexican .
It possible that to sometimes our identity not protecting clear but our loyalty yes that what is .
It for the States United .
Moreover are realise the that to many the Mexican detain to the elite the class leader not them gustamos .
The sense is mutual .
We Supposing as a reminder the a defeat humiliating and us watching for above of shoulders as if talk the a category inferior that not is what enough Mexican .
Our Spanish never be what enough good and our ties with Mexico never vision what enough strong .
To his Similarly the see our existence is synonymous the failure .
If our families not innocents failed in Mexico not is innocents gone .
And now not us line trapped after this fold the wrap abject well in the States United but still case as souls solitarias .
My woman that born in Guadalajara and wine legally to the States United when was a girl me reminds that exists this roce between the Mexican and the mexicano-estadounidenses because the first know with more strength who are and to the seconds this them bother .
Although is citizens the States United her is viewed part the two countries .
Meanwhile therefore many mexicano-estadounidenses that know feel that not are part the none the two .
We love listen the group Mexican The Tigers of Northern but also to Bruce Springsteen .
&apos;You what best the each country but not States.&apos; deep-rooted to none the them .
In Mexico us Supposing as American .
And in the States United is us viewed Mexican .
Now for complex still more the things for what that me I labour during my journey some leaders Mexican and some intellectuals want again to connecting with the diaspora .
want that the mexicano-estadounidenses motif as &apos; ambassadors &apos; the Mexico gymnasiums Transpartisan their interests in the States United .
Diríamos to our colleagues American what fantastic that is visiting that country and presionaríamos to the leaders politicians for that reforzaran their ties with Mexico .
Yes clear .
That not goes to pass .
There too grudge .
And with the inequality the wages the corruption rampant and the violence for drugs many the us not are so insurance the that make a country fantastic .
I fear that you freshly to These alone with this idea friends .
It fair .
If some Mexican still not are prepared for pardon to the States United for the manner in the that protestors to Mexico ago a century and half then have that accept the fact the that some mexicano-estadounidenses still Purely begrudgers for how is During to their family ago regret least time .
Hmmm .
Perhaps may more &apos; Mexican &apos; the what that meant .
Viejas battles new Middle agreed .
The high-level the firearms between Israel and Hamas well could be a basis little likely for the peace .
speedy ought somewhere day a peace lasting between Arab and Jews in Middle agreed .
Another bloodletting the blood that seems indicate that any expectancy is in vain .
In half the useless and arise discussion on Who began First countless the buildings have effect reduced to rubble more the Palestinians the majority the them civilians and six Israelis have been murdered and for first increasingly rockets originating the Gaza have fallen closely the Tel the scorning the Israel and the city holy the Jerusalem .
But to despite the that the Israelis and the Palestinians seem be Community-based in his former conflict everything As them surrounds in Middle agreed is changing .
The spring Arab what has last everything fact Burmese them Whether or not Palestinians and Israelis have effect trapped in the Amidst regional .
Perhaps this Please that his fight make still more bloody that before .
However there reasons for thinking that his lethal situation the point dead could desencallarse .
A war that nor is lose nor is earns .
To first view the optimism seems currently very difficult the justify .
Even if is keeps the high-level the firearms agreed the November the clashes the this week have reinforced to the hawks the two sides .
The leaders the Hamas the movement Islamist that has oppressive Gaza since contend ought obliged to the Israelis to withdrawing , to despite the that Gaza has received a good youth .
And to despite the ought killed to some the their leaders and trouble to pressure to the million the inhabitants the Gaza in each the corners more townships and bureaucrats of planet Israel not has able overcome with Hamas .
Indeed fact Hamas is gaining ground in Bank the another part the Palestine currently ruled for their implacable rival the Fatah the facción Palestinian more moderate .
Moreover the leaders the Hamas could reaching to the conclusion the that the time unstable to his favour .
Given that the Islamists have gone gaining influence for everything the world Arab Hamas has fact amistades richest and argument .
Turkey a renaciente power regional that previously had been the ally Muslim more practicable to Israel has espoused the cause the Hamas also what has fact Qatar each the states more rich and dynamic of Gulf .
The exultantes Member the Hamas say that the average dreaming Islamist is generals Israel since the Lebanon the north where dominates the partido-milicia Hizbulá happening for Syria where the rebels the a trend each increasingly more Islamist could evil to Bashar el until reaching to Jordan where the allies the Hamas are threatening the King .
Above everything in the conservative southern the Israel the growth the Muslim Muslims targeted for the President Muhammad Morsi in Egypt with difference the more populated and fundamental the countries Arab has changed the balance the region .
Hosni Mubarak the déspota guarding that period in Egypt during years until his fall in , not had too time for Hamas .
In change the Muslim are cousins brothers the Hamas and their leaders depend more the opinion popular .
In future actions diplomatic is possible that Hamas 1.7 as regard the that not is can excluding nor even Israel and the States United .
Meanwhile therefore the arrived repressed the Israel surrendering the conclusion opposite .
In what that is refers the issue military have project to Hamas in his website .
The system since Cúpula the Curtain the Israel has demonstrated his efficiency and many the rockets the Hamas have been destroyed .
The Israelis dormirán more calmer during somewhere time .
In As to the diplomacy States United is shows more firm that never many countries Europeans also culparon to Hamas the ought initiated the final wave the violence .
Faced everything Israel has success notably under the government the Benjamin Netanyahu a first minister that has ignored widely the process the peace .
Although the rockets fired since Gaza have over with the life the few Israelis since Israel not has had Too terrorists suicide in part thanks to the barrier that corroe Bank the main part the a territory aspiring to norm in state the Palestine and protects the settlements Jews that continuing increasing to despite the that according the legislation international , is illegal .
The Mr Netanyahu whose party fighters is has joined to a group the a online still more repressed led for Avigdor Lieberman in the period run-up to the elections the January is in a good position .
For what mimar to those retorcidos Palestinians dándoles a state own .
If really gobernaran in Bank So not dispararían rockets stand and as have fact his compatriots in Gaza .
It best they after that wall and them a good coup if rose the head .
Perhaps is fare the arrived repressed although the spring Arab could tamper their calculations .
Although the Islamists that legislatures the power in Egypt and in other websites not Rather too hold to Israel his priority be address the difficulties internal .
The budget the defence the Israel is greater that the their four neighbours Arab together .
Iniciar a war with the superpower the zone hardly help to the new governments Arab to improve their economies .
can the product Mr Morsi hear worked with Barack Obama for achieving the high-level the firearms is a good augur and could usher the beginning the something .
also the Israelis Libraries thinking to long-term term .
With the rest of world Arab inventive more democratic depriving to the Palestinians the his right to the self-determination supposed create a keg that a day explotará in the territories occupied for Israel the same manner that this week Challenger a bus in Tel .
The repression already is destroying the democracy in the state Jewish and the Demography worse the situation to measure that increased the population Arab .
The cruentas missions against Gaza each two or three years for reject to Hamas black a toll diplomatic each increasingly greater .
Both sides need a push the people foreign the conflict .
The solution continues remains the that pregonan people sensible the two sides the majority of world external and this newspaper two states and the vested the territory for part the Israel for reasons the safety .
The expectancy small to short term is that the high-level the firearms do a little more the momentum to the people foreign that are fighting for this cause .
Egypt that must begin to put curb to the entry the weapons in Gaza together with Turkey and Qatar is position in a situation without unprecedented for convince to Hamas the that accept the idea the a state Jewish target-based in the borders the , with exchanges the land and a Jerusalem shared .
The Arab spokesmen the matter also Libraries pressure to Hamas and Fatah for that is join .
That long-distance more to the creation the a state Palestinian that the spelling attempt the obtain a category the state virtual in the UN .
The Mr Obama also has a important role in what that Concerning to achieving wear to Israel to the table the negotiation .
During his first mandate omitió submit his own plan for the peace .
Indeed new in the White seems Like the reluctant to unique his attention .
This attitude supposed a blot vision the future .
A Middle agreed stable is the vital interest for the States United .
This involves a agreement the peace between Israel and Palestine .
The law the packaged generic the tobacco enters in force in Australia .
Advertencias on the risks the smoking and parties of body with diseases lucen on packets the a microphone colour green that are the same for all the trademark the tobacco .
The law robust in fight the tobacco and packaged generic forerunners in the world enters in force and replacing the stitched and the colours the trademark for a fobbed the a microphone green olive should appalling images the parties of body with diseases and photos the children and babies ill for be children the parents smokers .
To exception the differing images and warnings sanitation the unique difference between the packets binding since the Saturday are the names the trademark all them printed in a type the source small .
They talking of regime more narrower of world applied the packaged the tobacco .
The government federal the Australia claims that the objective is Duisenberg to the young the smoking prohibited the elimination the broad that for that this kick purchase glamour .
confident in studies that Studies that if a person not has started to smoking before the years exists a % the possibilities the that never what Please .
&apos; They can see that the children even since very Children age &quot; the message that the company tobacco is trying sell to via the his brand &apos; stated the Minister the ministries federal Tanya Plibersek quote studies that aggressive for example how the girls relacionaban the logo the a nickel with the idea the be a recounted .
To despite the that Australia account with a the rates the smokers more lowest of world and that these changes not Acting too to the profits the multinationals other countries are considering taken measures similar .
The industry tobacco has intense a pressure enormous in against the law .
The companies cigarette said that the law labour-intensive the market black the tobacco in the that the cigarette costsaving more cheap and more accessible .
&apos; The legislation understands serious consequences additions &apos; said Scott McIntyre the British copper Tobacco in Australia .
mutual the amount the tobacco that bring the counterfeiters the China and Indonesia for post-communist in the streets the Australia .
Others people say that his bn is has benefited after the adoption the law .
Sandra He the Zico Import Pty Co a small company family stated that the demand the pitilleras and covered the implants for loopholes the unpleasant images the packets is had ring almost since zero ago two months when the British copper Tobacco Britain la Lloyd Imperial Tobacco Philip Morris and Japan Tobacco lost a weakening to the law in the Court Supreme the Australia .
The Mrs He stated that Zico had meantime until units to establishments trades and that was waiting more diminishing .
&apos; For us is a good bn &apos; .
According the experts the possible obstacle is the popularity the networks social between the sector demographic the that is aimed the plan .
After a series the laws collecting that prohibit the advertising in the television and the sponsorship the sports and that satisfy to the majority the sellers to not put the cigarette to the view the marketing of tobacco has past to investigated in online .
Australia has banned the advertising in Internet to companies and pages website local but not can constrain in pages foreign .
&apos; If comercializas tobacco and so only you remains this small window for twenty-first your products the space in online is the place more convincing in the that be &apos; said Becky Freeman investigative the healthcare public the University the Sydney .
Freeman observed a increase the packet on trademark originating the &apos; citizens the to ordinary &apos; Recent in pages website the networks social as YouTube Twitter and Facebook .
Is one if is talking so only the a citizen private to cast really him crazy the cigarettes Marlboro and is has smile the trouble the perform a video or if some company the marketing is behind the everything doing .
The British copper Tobacco the Australia pursued that the industry is focuses more in what that involves the legislation new that in the marketing .
The industry has arrived even to pay for that Ukraine Honduras and the Republic Dominican recusen the new rules these countries are been foremost the Organisation World of Trade that is restrictive the trade unfairly to despite the that none the these countries has a volume the trade significant with Australia .
It likely that the WTO dictate a resolution to middle the . .
Plibersek stated that the government had maintained discussions with other countries that are considering implement laws similar in fight the packaged the tobacco .
In the year Canada is became in the first country that introduced the refer the include images in the packets .
Currently are binding in more the countries between the that is lie Brazil Turkey and Ukraine .
In Great Britain New Zealand South and India is considering implement laws more tough .
In Australia many smokers is keen harsh .
&apos; The photographs not me affecting .
simply not them successfully case &apos; .
&apos; Coges the cigarro and guards the package &apos; says Victor The Hage while buying a package with the image the a tumour in the mouths .
&apos; sincerely just there a reason for the that commodities the smoking for my daughter &apos; .
James Yu workforce of estanco King European the Pack in the centre the Sydney points that the packets uniform for that him implement more complicated politics in the shelves .
&apos; usually irregularities a hour in desenvalar a handing now tardo four &apos; claims Yu .
&apos; The government should ought banned completely the tobacco and then already is purpose is Bolkesteinu'\u2019is and stood the shop &apos; says while comments the hands towards upwards .
In a world constantly networked not is so bad dull a little .
During the situ of day the Action the Thank the this year the manner unexpectedly had that pass five hours in a airport because the aeroplane in the that volábamos suffered a problem electronics and had that wait to that waited another aeroplane .
So that had regret time for thinking in the platitude .
not you question to lying .
Pasarse half day in a airport waiting to that comes a flight is quite boring even if future media for be &apos; as books journals or iPhones without ignore the shops teamwork .
But each increasingly there more academic and experts in development infant that praising the blessings of platitude .
According them is well that therefore us as our children us aburramos the increasingly in when .
Aburrirse obliges the brain to seek options interesting and can that reporting the creativity .
Given that currently the majority the us are connected to this or to fights screen not stages the profits that provided the platitude .
So that So should accept the good mind the platitude .
Yes .
And not .
But already problems the doing more forward .
In first place the Like that lot People supposed that now that comes the more time for the leisure the platitude would a phenomenon relatively recent .
But stand and as claims Peter Toohey Professor the History Greek and Roman the University the Calgary in Canada and author of book &apos; Boredom To Lively History &apos; The platitude a history save &apos; published in for Yale University Associated not is case .
&apos; Indeed fact the history of platitude is very Regrettably &apos; claims .
In the walls the Pompeya there graffitis in Latin on the platitude that ponds of century I Historians .
also must disorganisation how define the platitude .
&apos; The problem is that already is has defined and discussed the very variety ways &apos; points John Silva Eastwood professor the Psicología the University the York in Ontario Canada .
After examining the investigations Recent and avenues the idea foremost a group the debate formed for people the Professor Eastwood and their colleagues defined the platitude as the experience the &apos; desired but not power participate in a activity that you full &apos; .
knock-on that the difference between the platitude and the wrestling is that the person not ago something but wants do .
It that with the wrestling not exists the desire the do something .
The experience main of platitude claims is &apos; the breakdown of process the attention associated to a under state the mind and to a feeling the that the time passes slowly &apos; .
The platitude can sound turmoil vary to the depression .
However the Professor Eastwood says that although Public be questions the people that are tedious tend to see the problem as a issue of environment or of world while that the people that are depressed publicity that the problem what have them .
To sometimes create that are boring when what that us happens in reality is that have problems for meant .
In his study &apos; chosen Unengaged Mind Defining Boredom on-site Terms European Attention &apos; published in the edition the September the magazine Perspectives on-line Psychological BAMST the Professor Eastwood and their colleagues is slight to a experiment previous in the that the participants escuchaban a tape the a person that saturation the Article the a magazine .
Some groups heed in the room neighbouring a programme the television to everything volume that not deleted none relationship other what heed with the volume under the Similarly that hardly was impatience while that the Thirdly group not listened the audio in circumstances moment .
The group that listened the programme with the volume under daring more platitude that the other two groups them lives focus but not were insurance the for what and what atribuyeron the platitude .
&apos; When intentas concentrarte in a task difficult or interesting the breakdown the attention can wear the platitude &apos; pursued Mark A4-0552 Fenske professor the Neurociencia the University the Guelph in Ontario and each the authors of study .
&apos; For another hand when States.&apos; doing something boring as detect parts unprepared in a online the manufacture a music that you distraiga you can help to not aburrirte &apos; .
&apos; Indeed fact currently know that activity or do garabatos actions that to often is incorrectly as sign the platitude can in reality help to ineffectually already that for that person protecting physically more vigilant &apos; .
&apos; The investigations Studies that Especially children to the that is them allows activity learn more and observation more information that Especially to the that is them obliges to be static &apos; claims the Professor Fenske .
all know what that is dull in somewhere moment the delay the a aeroplane a speaker spin a film particularly uninspiring .
But some people have more trend to dull that other .
For help to medirlo some researchers proceeded in the years a &apos; scale the trend the platitude &apos; .
The scale includes issues as &apos; many the things that have that do are repetitive and monótonas &apos; and &apos; there so things that me EU-level that not have time the do everything &apos; .
Stephen Vodanovich professor the Psicología the University the West Florida claims that reported spoke scales the researchers have discovered that the boys have more trend to dull more to often that the girls and specifically need more stipulation external and more diverse .
But in general the adolescents are a type the group that is boring with quite easily .
In Reed Larson professor the Development human and Community the University the Illinois , subsequently to carried a experiment in the that is disposal in contact with adolescents and with their parents between seven and eight sometimes the day prohibited a search .
injected that the for cent the adolescents truthfully that is aburría while was in the school or doing the duties while that the for cent truthfully that is aburría when not was in the school .
For another hand the for cent the parents Bogota that is aburrían .
The Professor Larson said that not knew if the rates the platitude current 21 years later costsaving middle-management or ashamed .
But said that what that yes knew was that &apos; the adolescence is a period in the that the platitude region his correctness more highest &apos; in great part due to that therefore to the children as to the adolescents not is them five-minute a great control on what that want do .
So that returning to my question of principle So is good dull .
To sometimes not what is already that led the extreme can do that us exposing to risks physical absurd as do betting or fall in the consumption the substances as method for ineffectually stand and as Studies the investigations .
For another hand many Acropolis and writers Talk the connect between the platitude and the creativity according claims the Professor Vodanovich that has state looking this issue during more the two decades .
&apos; The platitude is the function that has the brain the advice that part be doing another thing &apos; says paranoid Marcus professor the Psicología the University the New York .
But the brain not always knows what is what more appropriate .
If States.&apos; boring and you that energy for touch the guitarra or cooking that you Nothing .
But if Don the television is possible that you disappointed to short term but not to long-term term .
&apos; So that if your son is boring and him Give a iPad is possible that already not is aburra but not will learned to hands for yes same or to dosificarse &apos; claims the Professor Fenske .
And &apos; that capacity the dosificarse is applies to other situations &apos; Other .
expands son not only learns to hands for yes only but that learns to unchecked best in other areas .
not believe that really contrivance impressed the platitude .
But either should be too critical with him .
Our objective should be more well the meets comfort paragraphs of rumour constant the activities and the technologies .
The professor Eastwood is the agreement .
&apos; To our Similarly the see need aburrirnos more but the platitude is a desire too distressing and worrying as for Sixth with something that deserves the worth &apos; claims .
It that what that the People really search is a function the disconnect and the enjoy the a time dead .
&apos; In a environment in the that are constantly sobreestimulados &apos; claims &apos; is difficult find forms the effort our attention when the noise disregarding &apos; .
mistreated without book the instructions for the new law on the consumption the marijuana .
Anthony Orozco student the years in a institute Community and exalting of South-East the mistreated is faces to a process criminal for something that soon be legal in everything the state the possession the should stones the marijuana and a pipe that ounces for fumarla .
Orozco says that a day the September him and some friends conducían for Lamar in the plains registrars to the border the Kansas when the stopped the police .
The police reconstruct marijuana in the car and a time later Orozco received a summons judiciary for possession the drugs and articles questions crimes minors that chemicals each a fined the dollars American in the that is him Detectives the date of trial .
&apos; We treat as to criminals &apos; says Orozco .
And what are .
In the weeks the uncertainty follows to the vote that had place in mistreated for the legalisation the possession the small quantities the marijuana for use recreational the answer in hundreds the causes minors for possession the drugs depends least the law that the location .
Hundreds the crimes minors for possession the marijuana is are overwritten therefore here as in the state the Washington where is adopted a measure similar .
The departments the police have last the submit charges against the elderly the years for possession to small scale that is eagerness legally a increasingly the law hear entered in force in the forthcoming weeks .
But the prosecutors the districts more Conservatives the mistreated is have committed to continue forward with the cases open for possession the marijuana and still are quote to people .
At same time several cities since the suburbs the Denver until the mountains Western are voting for prevent that is checkpoints shops the marijuana no-fly recently in their communities .
&apos; All this is changing so quickly that not know what be what next &apos; said Daniel A4-0552 Oates head the police in Aurora fair the this the Denver .
Those is bureaux the unhealthy in the state the Washington also are quibbling the matter .
And continuing for advice for establish a system the licences the production manufacture distribution and sale everything doing before the that comes the date limit the December the . .
rod that for well or for bad mistreated goes for front the majority the states in As to the regulation of use the marijuana First with purposes terapeúticos and now for use recreational .
&apos; mistreated disposal the a market more regulated case that be a good guide &apos; claims Brian 672 Smith spokesman the Commission the control of alcohol of state the Washington .
But the Mr Smith accepts that any place or system only can do suggestions on what that could work .
&apos; not exists a real precedent that us draw the model &apos; claims .
The law the Washington called I-502 enters in force the December what that leaves also a year during the opened is nadará between two waters already that the system the licences in that state still not astronomer but the possession be legal .
Moreover there some issues mechanical delicate that must resolved during that period as the Similarly the maintain a balance between the demand of state the offer a &apos; access adequate &apos; to the marijuana authoritative and his ban the perform business the cannabis in a radio inferior to metres the schools parks areas the game advertising or centres advertising .
&apos; In circumstances place chooses more difficult ubicar a bn the cannabis authorised that in the areas urban particularly in the area heavy the Seattle &apos; says Ben Livingston spokesman of Centre for the cannabis legal a group the research created recently .
The November Oates the head the police the Aurora sent a e-mail electronic to their agents the police in the that them Detectives the that the fiscal the city commodities the prevail actions judicial for untruths convict for possession the marijuana to people elderly the years and the that the police commodities the submit charges against those crimes &apos; with effect immediate &apos; .
The head the police Oates said that them is away the do comply the legislation the city that regulates the cultivation the marijuana with purposes therapeutic and that begrudgers pursued to traffickers and sellers the drug .
In the county the Weld in the north the mistreated the fiscal of district Ken Buck represents a vision more strict .
After the vote assured that his office solitary pursued the cases the possession the marijuana mainly for pressure to the consumers and that is operations to receiving treatment .
Currently 119 people is face to charges for possession the grammes or least the marijuana although many the them have other charges .
&apos; Our office has the duty the prevail actions judicial against temporarily untruths that in the moment in that is did were crime &apos; said the Mr Buck in a declaration .
The answer has been complicated even in places as the county rural the Bureau where the voters rejected the initiative on the legalisation the marijuana .
The police the Cardiff Junction the greater city of county already not quotation to adults for possession the small quantities .
Pete Hautzinger fiscal of district of county supported this decision but also decided not underestimating none the cases outstanding for possession .
&apos; not very that protecting losing the time the continue doing comply the law until that one change &apos; stated .
To despite the that the for cent the voters supported the measure never is viewed that wear the consumption the marijuana for use recreational the within of government and of system judiciary outside to be easy .
The reactions contradictory that emerge for everything the state correctly the evident a marked ambivalence between the officials regard of great experiment wonder in this state .
&apos; They talking the a barrier cultural with the prosecutors of district &apos; claims Whatever McAllister a lawyer the Denver that represents to the accused for possession the marijuana and that is spokesman local the Organisation National for the Reforming the law on the marijuana .
&apos; They past therefore time cooperating to People foremost the courts that in reality still not can accept that make legal &apos; stated .
At be the first states that publicity the quantities small the marijuana the same function that if outside alcohol mistreated and Washington is prepare for norm in the cases the test to level national in As to the legalisation the drugs .
Meanwhile lawyers and officials of state count with a new border the sales legal also expect desperately receiving indications of government federal that still provides the consideration the sale and the cultivation the marijuana as crimes federal .
The defenders the legalisation the marijuana have the expectancy the that the Department the justice exerted .
To despite the that is have produced some outstanding lengthy the patients and sellers the marijuana for purposes therapeutic the government federal has allowed in his majority that Maybe business the sale the marijuana with these purposes in mistreated Washington and states more .
&apos; Although is likely that the agents integrates not tiren doors collapsed for confiscating a stock the drug small probably is responsive deposit to allowing the functioning the shops regulated for the state for the sale the marijuana for use recreational prosecuted in the new law &apos; said Kevin Pelinka Sabet a exasesor the policy integrates the administration the Obama .
Several cities the mistreated not expect to that respond the authorities federal .
Even before of day the elections some governments local sanctioned moratoriums on any shop new the marijuana to despite the that examined around the a year before the that anybody the them conclusion opening .
The week Last the city Western the Montrose adopted a ban the six months and is likely that the approved the week that next .
&apos; not want shoes in a situation in the that liking to someone and then us a serious problem to level federal &apos; mover clocked Nicholson member of City .
&apos; Our community voted in against the this amendment .
We looking to favour the what that voted the community cope to vote to favour the what that voted the state &apos; .
arise many questions the regard .
Petronella Wyatt &apos; I acosaron until visibility the Oxford for be a hunted &apos; .
not is strikes to the university for their points the view only now .
not remember circumstances moment in my life in the that not hear state boggles in achieving a square in the University the Oxford .
Both my father as my brother greater previously state in the that I supposed was the best place of world for learn a symposium Greek the was contemporary that well-balanced the two pillars the civilisation the thinking free and the tolerance .
However to the two weeks the occupy my square in the Worcester impress to late the years for completing the career the History already had fact the bags what that triggered the first scandal the my life .
My father is collapsed and is retraced to weep .
My friends were confusion .
The newspaper chosen Evening Standard stated that I had abandoned because not toleraba that some colleagues the university Under relations sex in the undergoing the hand .
The He Pelinka N. Wilson announced I that me had gone because me compelled to drinking in tazas desconchadas .
The truth was least funny .
Huí the there .
Yes huí because had state subjected to a systematic harassment and intimidation .
not due to my extravagante name nor the fact the that modest the a school private .
I acosaron for a unique reason that in the cradle the hypothetical illustration statutory something bigotry and barbaric my father the Patriarch Woodrow Wyatt was a striking advisory the Margaret Thatcher and I install the party Conservative .
Perhaps is ask to what next that now .
Well several reports indicate that a new generation the students the centre right-wing is suffering a persecution similar .
The hatred repentance and growing towards the students of party Conservative is stand in Oxford that the week Last a group the them intellectuals the same level the equality the rights that have the homosexual the disabled and the minorities ethnic .
pricing Conservatives the JCR grouping the students the rise of corpus Christi impress claim that are &apos; to often seriously paragraphs personally attacked and treaties as people not Popeu'\u2019s &apos; for their ideas policies .
want create a project in the committee the equality the opportunities the his school university for assured the power express their views freely .
Their situation not is shaken perception for a recent documentary the BBC2 so-called &apos; Wonderland Ernst Bright loosening on-line the Right &apos; The paradise young brilliant and the right-wing on the policy the students and that Communication to the Tories as excéntricos and BNP .
Mostraba the student the post-graduate Joe Cooke expresidente the Partnership of party Conservative the University the Oxford OUCA in a asleep , hamburgers a suit silver and a bullfighting with the empuñadura the silver .
In other universities the students Conservatives say that is them talking as &apos; whipping the Turkish &apos; for the introduction the rates the discharge more through .
Luke Black the years and Vice-President the Partnership of Party Conservative the University the Gallaghers declared in a newspaper transcript that &apos; exists a growing trend the left-wing in the universities .
The People moderating that are as the Bullingdon Club without nor so even conocernos &apos; .
Samuel Shaw the years and student the history in corpus Christi that presented the motion for a greater protection claims that this environment is &apos; embarrassed &apos; while that Stephanie Cherill the years and chairman elected the OUCA claims that the attitude the Member the JCR towards the people that are the centre right-wing has worsened .
&apos; This supposed a threat for the environment the debate intellectual case as for the welfare the Member &apos; claims .
During my initial weeks in Oxford schillings more speak that the a .
graveyard in the university in September the , was a young the years turmoil timid .
The hatred towards the Party Conservative was in his point more high-level .
The year previous the university had voted deny to Margaret Thatcher former alumna a title &apos; Szczeciń cause &apos; after the cuts in the funding the Education Supreme .
The environment liked fact horrifying the Appalling to any Stalinist .
already during the first days the week the welcome to the new university when the new students is local and local to the professors received a shows the bitterness that me anticipated .
thoroughly that the professors not only Americans the view blind foremost the mofa that is was the university Conservatives but that involved in her the good earns .
The policy the strike the miners the privatisation and the opposition of government to the sanctions against the Apartheid in South arrived until the rooms the wood of seminar .
At First that attended is running translate the English texts French of century 18th and I not was ready for what that wine to continuation .
&apos; Señorita Wyatt &apos; said the Professor Harry Pitt already died &apos; for favour , translates the first paragraph &apos; .
not realised nor a .
Pitt a man bajito with a pack that seemed mass the bizcocho knew well how unthinkable bad bilis .
&apos; It that the thatcheristas is refuse to learn French or is that simply are questioners &apos; asked .
The other university is laughed .
I fires the eyes the tears that breadth the contain .
&apos; Le suggest that demands to classes the French in his time free always and when not protecting too occupied conociendo People &apos; gruñó Pitt .
longterm to my undergoing as a soul in worth .
That night me sat speak to the hour the dinner in the university then felt a lightly pat in the backs .
was a student the English the Secondly year so-called James that is presented as member the OUCA .
&apos; beliefs cast replied &apos; me said politely .
&apos; I fear that case is as goes the thing .
They chips with anybody that make suspect the be hunted .
For me is very complicated but know that your father is practicable to Margaret Thatcher case that for you be still worst .
Many Tories newly newcomers aparentar be Labour &apos; .
Over forward in a lunches local impress cowardly hide .
stressed in that not was the agreement with everything what that truthfully the Mrs Thatcher .
scheme trick occasion useless .
A student the first year the philosophy External and economy that paradoxically had studied in Eton said &apos; Eres daughter the a pig fascist .
enthusiastic contaminated &apos; .
Other students adopted that cancioncilla .
I became in the laundry pervertida .
&apos; How have relations sex the Tories &apos; asked each .
&apos; They babies a youth the each the another So not &apos; .
I felt the same function that Libraries been sense the homosexual before the law liberal the years . .
Could somewhere day wear a life normal in Oxford .
I sees obliged to These with People that advise as I only later of anochecer .
&apos; that plenty Labour and Diversity my trends natural .
The three years that me expecting is demands as a purgatory the ostracism and isolation .
The unique Professor openly hunted was Norman SMUG Professor the History pale aimed to my school university .
Le odiaban for be not only of party Conservative but also advisory the Thatcher in policy external and a the people that him Democritus their speeches .
Hardly was for there .
Detestaba the place for that what considered parochial and minor and for his wet to the vision marxista-determinista the history .
In accepted a chair in the University the Bilkent in Ankara Turkey .
&apos; Here not TV to be happy &apos; me said .
Stephen to visit daily the Oxford to house the my parents in London replaces refuge in my family and friends the mentality heavy more open .
Le spotted to my father that hated Oxford and for what .
not me believed .
When him consideration there in the years , is deleting all the points the view politicians .
&apos; But if is the best place of world &apos; said with sadness .
&apos; sites never would that not there between my dear overtime the dream .
far my friends Communist always resulted a attitude whiter &apos; .
Their doloridos eyes detected to nublarse .
&apos; Dale another opportunity .
am safe the that what have fact only for bromear .
They me Tipperary the heart if what dejaras &apos; .
Agotada the many travel to London my resistance emotional is was deteriorating .
A friend mine that also install the Party Conservative had succumbed to the pressure and had renounced to his cultures .
The week next during a seminar in the that another Professor the History had hinted speaking completely in seriously that I was a &apos; enemy of people &apos; decided do what same .
Red the shame for inside admití that my parents me previously &apos; laundering the brain &apos; and them notified &apos; Old stupid &apos; .
The truce market little time .
was my father cast commissions the Finally nail in the nail the my career academic in Oxford .
For time then my father illiterate two columnas parcels in the press the Murdoch .
My door was doors with key .
I was inside acurrucada the afraid and avowed five minutes my persecutors desistieron .
When is were handles the GDR and Gelsenkirchen the first train to London .
never frankly .
Perhaps me llaméis weak llorona .
But none person the years should Abroad subjected to stand level the intimidation and hostility in a institution amusing .
applies that is still more tragic is that was Oxford that not only has formed to first ministers of party Conservative but that to day the today is behind after a reputable nothing deservedly the equality and freedom the thinking .
&apos; Álvarez prefer the elegance to the reputation &apos; .
With reason the shows &apos; Álvarez Maestro the Costura &apos; that is has specialized this week in London ABC talks with Naty Abascal Fiona Thyssen-Bornemisza and other budgeting clientas of leather Italian .
Somerset ranking former residence the Isabel I the England is the unique place in the capital British credible the hosting a exhibition on Álvarez Garavani .
The leather what has acknowledged during the opening the &apos; Álvarez Maestro the Costura &apos; a apoteósica hindsight that meets more the orange-coloured the high-speed remnant New for his &apos; maison &apos; during the recent years .
&apos; adore this palace &apos; says with his inconfundible accent Italian .
This shows is the pinnacle the a history whose unique regard is &apos; good &apos; Garavani but that not could ought been written without their distinguidas clientas .
Álvarez always has sense fascination for the enrarecido and lifted world the Nobles .
In the first room the this exhibition open until the next the March there letters private and photos with the signing the what more oligarchs the aristocracy since the Princess Salimah Aga Khan until Lord Snowdon happening for the Princess Marie-Chantal the Greece and Margarita the England .
Álvarez teaches those memories personal as trophies the his ascent social the republican Álvarez the city the Voghera in the north the Italy to ídolo the &apos; jet-set &apos; international .
that enamorado the royalty not has nothing the bad .
&apos; At least them not lights the colillas the their pitillos on your splendid carpet as for some lovely celebrity the music pop &apos; says the Baroness Fiona Thyssen-Bornemisza .
In the years and , two de-ideologised in the Alps and As good friends .
Álvarez is a host spectacular and busies with generosity and elegance .
&apos; To all us encantaba be guests to his sold in Gstaad &apos; explains the exmujer the &apos; Heini &apos; Thyssen íntima the unspoiled forgotten as Marella Agnelli or Eugenie Niarchos .
Álvarez always has preferred the elegance to the reputation .
And still case is a star .
Valeria Mazza hamburgers a Álvarez .
The model Argentina Valeria Mazza either conveniently the Max of Álvarez .
ago many years later the a parade in Piazza realised Spagna in Rome colleague to dinner to his floor .
vintage twenty people between the that were Sharon SMUG and John Kennedy Jr .
In each detail of floor the constructions the food the music in everything is financially and is forum his spirit .
&apos; To each the guests us did Differences important and loved &apos; reminds the &apos; Commission-led model &apos; that started to work with him during the Week the united Costura the Paris in . .
&apos; never passes the fashionable because their designs are works the art &apos; Fourth .
Desfile the alcurnia .
The life the Garavani not is a history the obsesiones but the sensitivities well reciprocated .
dear loves to the People with good education and best titles and them him love to him .
A the galleries the Somerset ranking has been Territory in a glamurosa passage the Sixty metres the long-term that proposes a change the patterns the visitors decision-making the place the models and must desfilar for the passage for secondary-school to a &apos; hearing &apos; the dream that adorned works masterpieces the Álvarez as the clothing that checked Jackie Kennedy for his wedding with Aristotle Onassis the vestuario that oath-taking Monica Vitti in &apos; The Notte &apos; or a coat the wool and fur that Lituania to the Emperatriz Nasteh Diba .
In that public the maniquíes relucen names as the Sibilla the Luxembourg Preussen von Thurn und Taxis Mette-Marit the Norway Rosario the Bulgaria or Sofia the Habsburg .
Naty Abascal and the Álvarez in .
Many the matters clientas say that the first Álvarez is as the first love &apos; impossible the forget &apos; .
applies remember perfectly .
was a shorts a jacket a chaleco &apos; gillette &apos; and a jacket the series otoño-invierno . .
&apos; was a gift that me did him &apos; says Naty Abascal a the compendium of leather .
&apos; applies Latin to him for above the other for his female for his great love to the women because realza our beauty &apos; adds the former duquesa the annual .
I Black-and-white much the colours that used have great light and are &apos; donors &apos; to the pack .
The grand are perfect .
The recounted and prescriptora the fashionable Patricia politica Giovampaola d la Arenbergtampoco can forget the first increasingly that westwards a Álvarez .
When was adolescent and ironically in Italy illusion with reaching to having the age and the occasion for power use each the their relocating the night .
Finally arrived the hour to late the years . .
Compré my first clothing the Álvarez for use in a celebration in the castle the my primo the Prince Edouard the Ligne .
was a suit red with skirt the volados &apos; corsage &apos; drapeado and waitresses word the honour .
&apos; was a dream fact reality &apos; says the sons the Rodrigo d la Arenberg .
&apos; Álvarez is indifferently to the fashionable his obsession is what timeless &apos; explains this aristócrata Italian that lives between Paris New York and Buenos .
The recounted D la Arenberg unrelated their orange-coloured the celebration of Álvarez with &apos; the device care because a clothing not is just a clothing also is the whole the memories that realises &apos; .
The &apos; King &apos; the fashionable .
The great final the exhibition the Somerset ranking is the suit the emigrant the Marie-Chantal Miller in his wedding with Paul the Greece in . .
They did four months the work and &apos; ragazze &apos; as way the Álvarez to their costureras for devise that suit the wrap colour ivory with gold-encrusted the Criminalizing twelve types the co-determination profits and a backlog the four metres and half .
According the journalist Suzy Menkes Road authority the press specialised time clothing represents a milestone the high-speed remnant the late of century 20th &apos; the return the clientas the high-speed society &apos; .
Obnubilado during years with the &apos; savoir-être &apos; the elite now Álvarez is his best exemplary .
Cavaliere realised Great Croce the distinction the more high-level senior in Italy Cavaliere of Lavoro Commandeur the L la Ordre Places Yun est Places Lettres Vichy with the Legion the Legion , Garavani fiercer many Vélez as anybody the unmarried the their clientas .
&apos; always me has so-called the attention his refinement his calm his aspect pulcro and perfect &apos; recognises D la Arenberg .
The final increasingly that what saw was ago a month in a dinner the wined in the Museum the Quai .
dear was in the table the Rostopchine Jacqueline the Ribes a great friendly mine .
&apos; was whiter the time not passes for him &apos; .
If what says a recounted .
The profession more blow of world the mulas human the Kawah Ijen .
For four EUR the porteadores of volcano Indonesian is immigrants the life and the health postponed 75-kilo the sulphur to via the empinados Rhinelanders the stone .
There People for the that his work is a hell and another that literally works in the hell .
It the case the Anto Wijaya each the miners that is earn the life exposing sulphur of volcano Kawah Ijen the this the island Indonesian the dry .
For doing has that waited each day until the fund the his cráter where the gas sulfuroso that choice the springs the Earth is solidifica the specific in contact with the air .
After sluggish large rocks the sulphur that in total best-seller to despite few 75-kilo the supplementary in two baskets the bambú that burden on their shoulders to via the escarpados Rhinelanders the stone .
are only metres until the top of volcano that is raises to metres the altitude but the exhaustos porteadores relate more the minutes in run to step the pace striking the balance and left-wing with tentatively their steps for not resbalarse and fall for the precipice .
that any traspié could Disclosure the life as him happened to a economy French that is despeñó ago years for the riscos of Kawah Ijen .
The miners the Kawah Ijen earn cents the euro for each kilo the sulphur that buildings .
A increasingly upwards is open step between the tourists that the fotografían as if surely orange-coloured the circus and postponed fatigosamente the heavy-calibre canastas zone three kilometres until the balance that a company mining has nearing a little more collapsed to metres the height .
They talking the PT Candi Ngrimbi a company that exploited since the volcano and never best said to their workers to the that paid rupias indonesias 5 cents the euro for each kilo the sulphur .
Then what sells for rupias 83 cents the euro to the industry petrochemical already that this mineral is rampant in the life everyday and is shop for manufactured cerillas fires artificial cosmetics dinamita and until for Lehne the sugar .
&apos; As what normal is shoulder 75-kilo gleaned should rupias 3,8 EUR in each journey &apos; us explains Anto cast always follow-up three portes difficulties .
late three hours in each and ends molido but him Youth horrendous rupias 11,5 EUR the final of day .
Although seems a misery for so inhuman effort is the three the what that calendar in the camp .
&apos; The jornal the miners is very high-level here where the harvest of coffee is paid to rupias 1,2 EUR the day and the wage half monthly is the two million the rupias 167 EUR &apos; clarifies the porteador that before Couso as albañil in the tourist island the Bali .
uncertain his salary was the rupias 6,2 EUR the day and the older not was so blow but Anto has journey with his family to Banyuwangi a people practicable the volcano for a reason the weight that in Indonesia is so overwhelming as the sulphur &apos; I educated with a young the Bali where are Hindus and the I brought to dry for that is ridiculed the Islam &apos; .
Anto has asthma reassured with difficulty tose constantly and is him irritan the eyes for the gases stored .
To their years Anto brings three jugándose the necks in the Kawah Ijen whose sulphur already has started to sheer bill despite to comparison the pack with a blinkers and glasses special .
he asthma reassured with difficulty tose constantly and is him irritan the eyes for the gases stored that sacks the volcano .
It the price that must pay for achieving his dream .
&apos; be two years more because want opening a shop or observer Spanish or French &apos; promised in a English more that acceptable .
Castigado for the life this young Katiforis and intelligent could be guide tourism waiter or Jari the a hotel but in place the that ago the work the a franca .
Compartiendo a reawakened cattle the wood with other porteadores is comments each day to the two the brave because the sulphur not leaves the sink the night when his readiness colour Hindu is grounds blue and Maputo in half the darkness .
defiance the unnoticed Anto low the cráter alumbrándose with a small linterna adherida to his hull that him same has purchased with his money .
Constructive porteadores unpaid the baskets the sulphur on their shoulders since the fund of cráter .
To despite the their earn profits the company mining not has mecanizado the extraction of sulphur for save costs nor except circumstances equipment to the porteadores that employed for his account and to therefore the weight .
Indeed fact nor even Supposing part the rupias 2,5 EUR the surcharge for chamber that together to the entry the rupias 1,2 EUR , the guards the this park natural welfare to the tourists that attending for fotografiar the volcano and to their mulas human .
&apos; This work is for the animals and not for the people &apos; protest Madrusin a fornido porteador the years that brings in the Kawah Ijen three decades since that showed the school .
Capaz the lift until 75-kilo ensures that aguantará working &apos; everything what that conclusion &apos; because needs the money for bringing to their three children the between and years .
not me jubilaré die here because the volcano has been across my life .
Although the sulphur burning the throats and escuece the eyes when the wind changing the off-the-cuff and caught to the miners in the espesas columnas that happily of volcano are so harshest that none is complaint the suffer diseases serious more beyond clear is the their arise problems respiratory artrosis aches in the knees and sore in the shoulders that is have malformado for the weight the baskets .
Balanceando the canasta on his backs Unainik already only can shoulder 75-kilo to their years .
Every day him and their colleagues down tonnes the sulphur the volcano that three lorry ever the dividing the Tamansari to kilometres the distance for a road the goats between the Limiting .
&apos; not me jubilaré die here because the volcano has been across my life &apos; civilized Unainik throwing well the mouths where him missing several tooth .
Indeed their five children the greater the years also works postponed sulphur .
The time passes but the misery self-perpetuating the generation in generation each the seafarersu'\u2019diplomas more harshest of world the that for the mulas human of Kawah Ijen .
Singapore search babies for save the economy .
The singapurenses blaming to the career the stress and the euro-zone the properties and the education for not having children .
&apos; The population the Singapore needs grow &apos; .
am a husband patriotism replied my wife patriótica generalized expect with our duty civic and create life .
Can apparently be that these fables is part the a announcement the tablets the menta but to despite the that or perhaps due to that the webstreaming is returned viral in YouTube in Singapore to principles the this year .
The sentences are part the a rap that used reference local as &apos; Are to put a bao bollo in the oven &apos; for laughing the rate the birth the Singapore .
The company the advertising that did the webstreaming BBH hosts the expectancy the that with the announcement overriding draw the attention on the problem the a function funny .
Their director creative Douglas ten-dollar says that wanted use the power the music for that the People Valencian with &apos; his duty national &apos; .
This is something purely the Internet case that had that do fun and funny .
It the greater problem in this country .
are the worst of world in reproducirnos to us ourselves case that devices that this was a subject that had that address .
knew that the government had tried many things as launch perfumes with feromonas or organise veladas the from changing speed-dating . .
Many the matters ideas can ought been creative but not necessarily worked .
So that world So for what not do what more creative possible for deal this problem that is componer a rap .
children .
The that not is what decision-making so to the lightly is the government the Singapore .
Gasta US 1.300 the year in policies for encourage to the citizens to having more children .
A package of government for marriages and parents bestows until dollars for child wind the licences for maternity and burden profits prosecutors .
But everything this has had little effect .
Singapore is a city State rich and the high-speed technology in the South-East the Asia also known for the conservatism the their leaders and their Strict controls social .
The rate the birth the Singapore the agreement with his division national the population is puts currently in children for woman .
The final increasingly that National for above the -conocida as rate the reposición- was in . .
So that for what the singapurenses not have more children .
Only Wei Ming verging the External the Marriage and Família the Division National the Population says that is due to a &apos; best education &apos; and &apos; a range more wider the opportunities the career &apos; .
&apos; That him has allowed to the People longer the a range more wider the options in terms the objectives the life and priorities more beyond the marriage and fortunate a family &apos; explains .
These changes in the rules social have contributed the increase the soltería and to delay the marriage and the certificate what that five-minute as result a drop the rate the birth in Singapore .
Meanwhile therefore a policy the immigration ue tip to increase drastically the immigration for ask cope to the drop the population has created umbrage between the population local .
In Singapore there websites website where rife the xenophobia hardly disguised against many new immigrants in particular the Chinese to the that critics for maintain the wages low and not integrated .
The increase the immigration also is seen as a the reasons for the that the year past the party the government the Singapore chilling his worst result electoral since the independence .
Since the elections has misunderstanding a attempt the correct the problem with the quotas and taxes more salaries for the workers foreign .
Consequences might .
Meanwhile that the fall in the rate the birth has effects known in the growth economic the a nation the income prosecutors the costs health and the policies the immigration the example the Singapore also is taking some consequences might .
The government staying that not is Apartment so houses small .
For example has begun to whatsoever the sector estate .
The authority the development urban has past to control the number the apartment small known as &apos; box the shoes &apos; that is Public build in certain areas the city .
These apartment have aside the metres square and have had much success the sales .
However there concern the that Public promote a lifestyle the life the soltería and desanimen to the developers that organize build houses large family .
But Lim Lee Soon director general the company buildings EL Developers says that their &apos; boxes the shoes &apos; is sold much more quickly that the units more large .
are more popular in the sense the that the units is exhausted days even weeks more quickly that the units the greater size .
This ago that make much best for our flow the box .
However accepts that the new rules babies guidelines more clear for the developers to the that before is them disposal snags if wanted offer many units small in a project .
Too estresados .
Singapore is a city State .
If well these new rules can be a step towards the increase the rate the birth national the talk with the singapurenses that employed in the district financial of centre prompt that not van to having much effect .
&apos; The People is very sped-up the houses are faces and also what is the education for what that many people what are postponing &apos; says a young executive .
Others people can having children .
&apos; But for me is important count with my own money and time &apos; says another young the few years .
Men and women mention his career the stress and the euro-zone the properties and the education as the reasons that them mean having children .
So that for much that the government instrument the If to their citizens to having children when is talking the do babies the singapurenses are who have the final word .
applies private restrict on-line is private on-line .
Privacidad .
Indeed agreement with the Diccionario the Royal Academy Hispaniola is talking the quality the private or &apos; the field the life private that is has right to protect the any hallmark &apos; .
What is private for a unemployed the years .
How applies this definition in his life everyday and in the networks social .
Can the dangers to the that is Finns for ventilar in Internet situations that surely not compartiría outside the online .
elPeriódico Media-Most to five Adolescent the between ten and years users frequent the network .
In four the cases asociaron the term to &apos; something very mine &apos; in the level personal and &apos; in the key and name of user &apos; when what applied to networks social .
&apos; My secret more profound not the centrist to a ex &apos; says Borg the ten years when staying explain the meaning the private in websites as Facebook Twitter Hotmail and Windows Live Messenger where has accounts since ago two years .
&apos; are secret very secret my illiterate can aware but not everything the world &apos; claims .
In FB subo images fine or the games .
also me entretengo with my known .
&apos; not compartiría a photograph that not make mine or the someone that protecting doing the ourselves &apos; says .
The child recognises that is bad publish photographs obscenas the people naked the crimes or write comments humiliating or violent .
Borg ensures fortunate to the friends that has in FB and to their nine followers in Twitter .
The majority are kith .
The mother is including has the key the a the accounts .
Abrí Twitter for choose and write tweets interesting .
&apos; not know if me contestan I only the subo &apos; adds .
&apos; The networks social are humorous can talk with kith distant or with my friends the function quick &apos; points .
not doubt in answer that never perhaps a request the a person unknown .
Neither him newspapers case to someone that him Provisional to a strange .
The case the José the years is different .
The adolescent owns accounts open in Hotmail Facebook My Space and Ask in this final accepts not fortunate to the people agregadas in his list the friends .
&apos; not me frightens because have something in common the music for example &apos; points .
According the five-year-old none is him has hinted nor him has asked the direction the his house or his number the telephone .
&apos; If me presionaran or me what exigieran simply the lump the my account &apos; recognises .
José is did leads the Ask then the read a recommendation in Twitter .
At five-year-old not him are foreign the experiences the what that today is knows as ciberbullying .
To a known the a my friendly what were extorsionando in a network social .
applies undertook and him Todayu'\u2019s money .
&apos; never learned Who was &apos; ensures .
The victim according José not closed the account .
&apos; Only him commissions privacy &apos; .
Then explains a series the steps for assess the account the function safe .
To difference the Borg this saddened centrist photos the known in situations uncomfortable or allocated .
Yes what newspapers if me chunk bad or him wearing dwell .
&apos; Although know that is ciberbullying &apos; claims .
questions key .
Marielos Porras masterpiece the English and alarmed in Education and Early viewed that for guide to the children and to the adolescents must understood that the purpose the networks social is inform .
&apos; Internet emerged as a half for seek information but with the aparecimiento the these websites changed the rules of game &apos; mentions .
Porras Other that the academic Marc Prensky degree in Pedagogía for the University the Yale and author the masterpiece Nativos and Migrants Digitales coined these terms for explain the phenomenon .
The native digital are them the children and young that born with the technology .
&apos; We are the immigrants digital that have that taught to them when still are lesson &apos; says .
Comenta that the subject is complex &apos; because them are asking that Rather a criterion defined on what two-track or not salvage publish or say to a age that the mature not five-minute for that &apos; .
&apos; also that is nuanced when what that more them care is be popular having thousands the friends without thinking in the consequences &apos; adds .
According the specialist the function more effective the teach what is privacy to children and adolescents is to via the questions that the emphasized reflect .
&apos; Telling that not what Please not serves &apos; agrega .
To continuation Porras lists some options There things that not him contarías to a strange So for what pensioner in Internet .
Or So you like that purposely a photograph the you as the that publicaste the a friend .
Do what that the other electronically on you .
When labels photos the situ So pediste permit to the other people for etiquetarlas .
And a more So all need know what States.&apos; doing each moment .
Another point is necessarily see that must act on-line as what for restrict on-line .
are the same rules .
&apos; One outside the Internet action with respect morality and other principles Like must be in the networks social &apos; claims .
Epidemiological .
Estuardo Guardia Professor university professor the primary and Valentin educational observing that is essential that the parents the family read to awareness the policies the networks social .
At understand each the incisos them have foundations sound for converse with their children on the implications the opening a account in Internet .
&apos; For example the age and what that is allowed share or publish &apos; says .
Indeed agreement with Guardia is key remember to the children the lesson the &apos; not hables with strangers &apos; .
concludes Summit the Unasur without do public the Declaration the Lima .
The VI Summit presidential the Union Suramericana the Nations Unasur completed today in Peru without that is moving public the Declaration the Lima chronicle advance and theory bill for the seven responsibly assistants .
Efe tried in repeatedly opportunities access the document signed in the VI Meeting Ordinaria the Heads the State and the Government the Unasur but sources the Cancillería and the Presidency signal in a beginning that what assurances to limits after the IGC but later said that in somewhere moment is published in the website of Government Peruvian .
At be consulted for the text signal that the content had been Finns for the president the Peru Ollanta Humala during should make statements to the press .
The access the journalists to the information the Summit National restricted in everything moment .
During the hours only is passed in the room the press the webstreaming without technician the assembly presidential with the message &apos; session private audio restricted &apos; .
The little information that circuló between the apprehend was Moi for the mouthpieces the press the some the governments the Unasur assistants to the quotation although not the Peruvian .
The unique document publicised during the hours was the list the chairmen assistants what that sinking the malaise the hundreds the journalists the various media national and international that protestors elderly data .
Subsequently the Presidency the Peru sent a e-mail electronic to the media with the &apos; declaration final &apos; the summit but is talking of defending the Humala and not of document official that closed the summit .
In October past Peru was the host the III Summit America of Sur-Países Arab ASPA and in that occasion despite to be required redundancy for the press , either is announced the also so-called Declaration the Lima that advance previously announced .
In the website official the ASPA is can substantiate that the document was published the past Tuesday .
In sides from international the authorities Peruvian is disarming in that liked systems the transmission policyholders for all the journalists but constrained the maximum the obtaining the information .
The summit completed also with the compromise whole the Chile and Peru the accept a ruling the Court the Hague that Perejil a diferendo crossing between two countries .
The chairmen the Peru Ollanta Humala and the Chile Valparaíso Piñera is gathered during the quotation regional and ratified that respetarán the decision the CIJ that begins the Monday in The Hague to listen the rebut the sides parties , in the process that Lima presented against Santiago .
&apos; Acataremos and ejecutaremos the judgment that tighter the differences that today day are cooperating to this entourage international &apos; said Humala together to his couple Chile .
&apos; Chile has been is and goes to continue remains a country environmentally of right international the solution peaceful the controversy the treaties and the courts international &apos; Yes Piñera and endorsed with a handshake the hands to Humala together to the flags the two countries .
The merely the two chairmen the that is Resolutions to the CIJ happened then that Colombia Tskhinvali this week the Pact the Bogotá for the that had accepted Sanctions to the failings the that court international then the a decision on limits maritime with Nicaragua that viewed severely misinformation .
The summit is completed with the inasistencias the chairmen the Brazil Dilma Rouseff Venezuela Hugo Chávez Bolivia Morales and Argentina Cristina Kirchner .
Paraguay suspended the Unasur since after the dismissal the his former president Ferdinand stance not attended the quotation .
The president host Ollanta Humala was the mid-July the opening the deliberations in the morning and close the summit little later of midday the Lima .
The attorney Surján the document final in the that reported that is adopted agreements and is resolutions the lines the action for projects between the countries Moroccans for a total the thousand million the dollars in investments .
Among the agreements Takeover mentioned that the countries the UNASUR goodnessu'\u2019, &apos; steps important towards the goal the a citizenship South for what that are deepen the agreements on residence &apos; .
informed that is efficacy actions for improve &apos; the cooperation in the fight against the insecurity citizens and against the crime organised trasnacional actions for do more accessible the medicines the access to Internet to under price in all the corners the America and everyday the function jointly and efficient the risks the disasters natural &apos; .
With a Europe in crisis &apos; the consolidation economic the America Latin not must having a parent triunfalista but that must serve for broadened nustra parent productive and beginning a best future for our peoples &apos; Yes Humala .
&apos; have decided attach a group the projects flagship that improve the connect the spaces the America of South particularly in areas rural and the borders pushing to our countries and formers new routes economic &apos; said the president Peruvian in a message read .
Among those projects mentioned that five BAMST to Peru and estan render in the themes Also the their territory since the coast towards Brazil and two indicate to a greater connect with Ecuador although not only elderly details .
also the document final mentioned the situation policy in Paraguay .
&apos; expect that the process electoral in that country draw for his rejoining to the Union the Nations unification &apos; the opened is position currently excluded .
The need the that America Latin is keen as a region the prosperity and peace integrated and the good relations between neighbours was another the affairs importance for the summit .
In this sense the president the Colombia Juan Manuel Santos said before the begin his participation in the quotation regional that anticipated meet with his couple the Nicaragua Daniel Ortega the Saturday in Mexico for treat in manner environmentally-friendly the diferendo maritime after a ruling the CIJ questioned for Bogotá .
&apos; The day the morning Saturday is possible that purchase a feel with the president Daniel Ortega &apos; said Santos .
&apos; Are to review all these paths not are exclusive made the treaty with Nicaragua goes to require a conversation with Nicaragua &apos; underlined .
&apos; With the president Ortega hope power tell that handle this the manner more elementary and environmentally-friendly possible &apos; added Santos .
Santos and Ortega is promised the Saturday in Mexico where have scheduled attend to the decision-making the whose of new president the that country Casas Peña Nieto .
also as part the summit the ministers the Defence of bloc is gathered advance for approve the Plan the Action of year , that search strengthen the dialogue and the consensus in fight the Defence in the region .
Argentina Bolivia Colombia Ecuador Peru Brazil Uruguay Venezuela Chile Guyana Surinam and Paraguay expanding UNASUR although the Finally country is position suspended .
Peru has the presidency reckoned témpore of bloc regional .
&apos; Suramérica must learn the Europe for integrate a citizenship &apos; Raphael João .
The president the Ecuador Raphael João stated today that the creation the a citizenship common is a goal in the that &apos; Suramérica in this case yes must learn the Europe &apos; .
João that attended in the VI Summit presidential the Union the Nations Suramericanas Unasur aired in Lima declared to the state-based broadcasters Peru that the Europeans &apos; is prime in the Second War World &apos; and in other conflicts , &apos; but now are virtually a homeland &apos; .
foursquare in that sense the project the establish the citizenship suramericana that encouraged the countries Member the Unasur .
&apos; There that achieving the free mobility the citizens and workers for any country suramericano as already happens with the mentally the Community Andean but still there sectors reaccionarios that us want restore the past &apos; warned .
The president Ecuadorean is daring addition to favour the reshuffle the Organisation the States American AEO under the premise the reducing the influence the states Continental and having in account to the that have signed the pact the St José on the rights human .
The that babies chair never is commit to nothing and in change us the suramericanos what arrangement everything .
&apos; It incomprehensible that the Commission Venezuelan the Rights Human protecting in Washington under the funding the States United &apos; stated in maritime the asylum political prioritised for Ecuador the founder the WikiLeaks Julian Assange .
João assured that not is arrepentido the that decision because with doing not has betrayed their principles but that has respected their &apos; profound values democratic and the rights human &apos; .
Agregó that in his moment &apos; had well-founded the that Assange outside extradited to a Thirdly country and not is pity his process &apos; .
Criticó addition to the justice Swedish for observance that is Representatives in his territory the interrogation for a alleged crime sexual when &apos; the own legislation Swedish allows satisfy prohibited video that is could do since the Embassy the Ecuador in London &apos; .
João stated that exists the risk the that is deteriorate the health physical and mental the Assange .
&apos; not I spoken with him since that is in our Embassy but the ambassador me reported that had a small problem lung nothing serious &apos; said the attorney Ecuadorean .
applies that yes there is the danger the that is deteriorate his health physical and mental for be solitary in a space small without power do occasional the air free .
&apos; That complicates the health the any person &apos; Yes .
João pointed that the solution the asylum orientates to Assange since June in the Embassy ecuatoriana in London prohibited the granting the a salvaconducto that him enable travel to Ecuador is in hands the Great Britain Sweden and the authorities legal European and underlined that has misunderstanding discussions with London in search the a solution the encierro of founder the WikiLeaks .
We not negotiate with rights human that word not the use in this case but has misunderstanding permanent discussions .
&apos; The solution the this problem is in hands the Great Britain Sweden and the authorities legal European because the lawyer the Assange Baltazar Garzón is doing a series the procedures in different presidents European &apos; mentioned .
And issuer that &apos; if Great Britain five-minute morning the convince this is ends &apos; .
And if Sweden as perfectly what allows his legislation and as has fact in other cases interroga the Mr Assange in the Embassy the Ecuador in London or what interroga path Skype morning same is ends this problem .
João availed for assert as a defender the freedom the press and matizó that what that not tolerate is &apos; the mediocrity the bad faith and the lie that weaken the freedom the expression &apos; .
&apos; The elderly enemies the freedom the press not are the politicians villains and grievously but the abuse journalists in function of greed the blackmail and the extortion &apos; said .
In that aspect is welcomed that already not is these journalists &apos; nor the bankers nor the countries hegemonic and thought-masters the that dominated to Ecuador &apos; and surprised that the be re-election &apos; profundizará in the revolution for continue the road and the direction right &apos; .
João also supported the decision the maintain the veto to Paraguay in the Unasur the least until their forthcoming elections the argue that the authority &apos; must be firm and not tolerate the opportunism and the golpismo fraught the legality &apos; because in reality &apos; destroyed the legitimacy the democracy paraguaya &apos; .
The president Ecuadorean viewed addition &apos; perfectly relevant &apos; the desire the his counterpart apologetic Juan Manuel Santos the negotiate now with Nicaragua the limits maritime between two countries after the ruling the Court International the Justice the Hague that impartiality to the sovereignty maritime nicaragüense .
For the moment not is playing that ruling .
It a problem between a country Anything and each centroamericano .
The conflicts are inevitable but must be overcome for the willingness the walking together .
There that import the manner wider for resolved and continue forward .
also well-balanced in a good conclusion of dispute for limits maritime that Other in the same court Peru and Chile and issuer that &apos; is correct for America Latin seek presidents international if the two countries is commit to accept ruling for blow that make &apos; .
In reference to the possibility that is Minutes as candidate in the forthcoming elections presidential in Ecuador for seek a Thirdly mandate running pointed that sees that possibility &apos; with much optimism and joy although to sometimes is quite blow &apos; .
João assured that if lose the beginnings the February of is withdrawn the life public .
In what personal never me has interested the power but in situations so upon as the Ecuador that poverty socio-economic only is can correct since the power political .
&apos; My movement pólitico believed that was I cast defaults that likely victory therefore have that accept that reponsabilidad &apos; said .
Indeed win would my Finally period in the presidency and the Hence win-win the life public .
If lose Like .
&apos; It a decision &apos; stated .
João is suggested also the new treatment the health of president Venezuelan Hugo Chávez in Cuba .
hoc the talk with the Vice-President Venezuelan Claus Maduro and me says that boarding to a treatment that already was planned the routine that is expectation that proceeding the campaign for again to Cuba .
&apos; not mean a relapse in the state the health of president Chávez &apos; likened .
The head the State Ecuadorean attended today in Lima in the VI Summit the Heads the State and Government the Union the Nations Suramericanas Unasur that completed with scanners to a greater integration regional for reliant the progress the equality and the safety .
Cot for AIDS today are cause the detection belatedly .
Fabrizio had years the age when him anticipated the result the test AIDS positive .
&apos; was as if me liked a bomb &apos; refers the recap the moment of announcement that the doctor detentions do &apos; more suavecito &apos; without success obvious .
The five-year-old what secret to his family .
Decidió shouldn office only the his disease and started to properly on her with stand effort that already festejó his birthday . .
It without doubt each the patients more ancient the Unit the HIV of smoke-related Civil the Guadalajara HCG , to the that arrived in later the several battles .
Fabrizio lives with the virus the line human HIV since ago years something difficult the imagine to principles the when had many doubt , few options the treatment and more stigma .
then until the director the a clinic of IMSS blackout despedirse the him &apos; because traía a cut &apos; .
then having AIDS was synonymous the death .
Now is possible survive to this syndrome and do with quality the life .
However zombies the his disease still many people best-seller when the virus already has caused havoc &apos; sitting &apos; his system immune and are victims the infections opportunistic .
To years the emergence of AIDS in the world the least the first cases reported &apos; the great achievement mean in this moment that the sobrevida the a patient that gambling treatment in manner swift and the sobrevida the population general is exactly Like &apos; pursued the head the Unit the HIV of HCG Jaime Andrade Villanueva after Lastly that this information was Therefore in April the this year in a publication scientific prestigiada .
Infectólogo and expert in HIV AIDS Andrade Villanueva likened that since the year the scientists previously completed that the AIDS not was a judgment fatal but the years the survival and the quality the life depend of rise the afectación the system immune that similar the patients the begin the diagnosis with best expectation for who not are users the drugs the until years with a conteo the CD4 and the years , when actions CD4 .
In words simple what previous mean that cast receives the diagnosis the HIV positive to the years the age under these terms &apos; while is keen in control How live without problems until the years &apos; mover the Ashraf .
For dimensionar this breakthrough wider remember that the expectancy the life the Mexican today is the years in average .
If well the mortality has goods significantly in the recent years in the case the Mexico the number the people that die the AIDS nor the cases in to in ( reporte annual the UNAIDS also is true that since the emergence of AIDS , sleeping for cent the patients in the basis the data national have died .
Only in Jalisco people died in , and van deaths until May the this year not However is ensures that there access universal to the medicines anti-retroviral since . .
So For what continues lingers deaths .
To me seems that the problem not is the access to treatment .
So what visualizo case us has happened in our hospital .
At least in the recent years not have had desabasto the medicine the problem is that the patients best-seller very advanced because tension his state the infection or make in stages late the disease .
It a custodianship overwhelming &apos; Nine the each ten patients best-seller when already similar some infection instrumental what that is has that do for having a greater impact on the mortality global is do verdicts more tempranos and for what therefore is have that offer tests the detection the function mass to all the people that what cost-intensive &apos; .
In his proposal implementing specialists and officials of Council imposition the Prevention of AIDS in Jalisco Coesida also the own patients as Fabrizio cast turned to shouldn the test to a laboratory particular only drove because what had fact a friend and despite to his shorter age already was in stage the AIDS and even padeció sarcoma the Kaposi , a tumour cancerous that is a the complications common .
All changing when quite that future AIDS .
Some considerably that is van to die and not want know nothing .
&apos; If already me question to die best me reviento three sometimes to the week &apos; say not in my case .
The change was for improve me food well successfully exercise seriously the medicines .
To the date their parents only know that padeció cancer .
Danish-German a life normal as anybody .
&apos; unemployment have many activities arrive have a life sexual active but degree me cuido to me and to the another person &apos; enumeró Fabrizio cast accepted share his privacy with MILENIO JALISCO for motivating with his testimony to who today in the framework of Day World of AIDS have afraid .
can is emphasized the test if resulted risk that between more soon exact if are HIV positive is best and if already have the diagnosis that learn that can live as any person remains responsible .
meaning his message sums the motto the battle the AIDS this . .
Condones after the counter .
Loud are the bits that there between the programmes the health and the citizen common affirmed Ricardo Salazar journalist tapatío cast has accepted the cause in surrounding the HIV .
And the more large is in prevention .
In the places dedicated to this task &apos; effectively is has increased the distribution the condoms before us soared the each or two now us babies packages the to hundred and that is very well but is that there who today still not have access to a prostitute &apos; said .
Among the more vulnerable to new infections are the adolescents .
&apos; For what the Mummy &apos; is question common with plaything and explained the value the definite social orientadores schoolchildren employees the chemists and personal the health to the that not is want through the adolescents assured the communicator .
ex-presidents re-orientate this ineffective distribution that the condoms not Purely only after the desks and those hundred is trouble in despachadores the bathing public the websites that Football the young .
not is motivating the chlamydia .
Neither is talking the paying the chelas and the motel as replied the governor Emilio González the envisaged if would distribution the Condoms in his Administration .
&apos; So not is the sexuality what best is closer the condoms to who already profess a activity sexual &apos; pointed .
Claves In Jalisco .
There cases cumulative 12,158 the AIDS and the HIV . .
The state is ° place national in cases new and cumulative the AIDS and ° the HIV .
the chlamydia corresponds to the path sexual crew % to the path blood-borne and % to the path perinatal .
They estimated that thousand people can be abject with HIV already that for a case recorded there the to people that not what know .
Ratificada for a court the appeals the States United a judgment that unknown the restructuring the debt of Group Vitro agreed path a Contest Treasury in Mexico the scene spur a precedent Relocations for any company national with offshoots in the neighbour country that purchase problems the solvency .
They but therefore that the procedures in earn the survival the signatures that Youth the laws Mexican not are valid in the country the bars and the stars to contrapelo the conventions international .
In the ground practical the boost to the judgment NBC the June past for the judge Harlin Hale the entourage the Bancarrotas for the district north the Texas leaves indefensas to the signatures Mexican cope to the possibility the however the their properties in allende the Bravo .
However the resolution him opens the door to the main manufacturer the glass in Mexico for negotiating to the Court Housel the States United retracted three inconsistencies .
Indeed entry while the judge the cause Other that the creditors must regulated for the Act the Quiebras the States United the court the appeals of 5th Circuito with headquarters in New Orleans says that the procedure main is the Contest Treasury triggered in Mexico .
The first point costly Nobody the cooperation unbelievable international in cases the insolvency the companies with profile trasnacional .
Indeed fact towards that end is creation the Act Sustainable the Nations UN for the Uniformidad of law incompatible International colocándose as umpire the copper Law Institute .
In Secondly place the judgment stipulates that without the vote intercompañías recognised in the mass criticism of Contest Treasury the debts that ones with his parent the subsidiaries the Vitro not is liked achieved the majority required for approve the restructuring .
However the possibility the recognise the laws Mexican .
Indeed fact the Vitro not has been the first case in that is accepts the reviewing .
There are average dozen the examples between them Agremex and Anti-Counterfeiting Mexicana whose debts intercompañías avaló the Institute Federal the Concursos Mercantiles .
applies true addition is that recompensed the votes the subsidiaries the all anyway the creditors the Vitro that pelearon against unknown in the Spanish the States United is say the funds &apos; buitre &apos; as Aurelios capital Aurelios Convergence Elliot International and Liverpool Limited not transboundary achieved majority .
The vote would been the for cent against . .
The custodianship what omitted the Court the appeals .
Since another angle unknown fault to Vitro the situation difficult that Baader-Meinhof to onwards of to lecture the serious crisis economic that Baader-Meinhof States United pegándole the coletazos the country .
For what soon the signing the family González Sada appealing a resource the rethinking foremost the own court the appeals for that the vote comes the plenary the unknown is say the five magistrates prioritised that only voted three .
Indeed not fruit unknown is will the resource the Cerciorare that requires the review of process for part the a ultimately higher in this case the Housel Court the Justice the States United .
applies serious of case is that the court soslayó a document willing for the government the Mexico under the Through the amicus curiae &apos; friend the Court &apos; in the that is annex the procedure followed for Vitro under the framework the Act the Concursos Mercantiles , you that unknown is desahogó with adhering to the conventions signed for two countries for empatar one with the chapter the Act the Bancarrotas the States United .
Over still is Other that the country is plegó to the principles the Commission the Nations UN for the Trade International is say the rules Charges for cases Technical the insolvency that reputable fairness for debtors and creditors .
Carambola the two gangs him Kremlin to Vitro and him Kremlin the country .
assessment General .
Dormidas during several months the complaints agree in the table for the unions the Mexicana the Aviation against the exdueño the company Gastón Azcárraga Andrade to cast is accused the administration specifies the Partnership Technical the Pilotos Aviadores already reconstruct the bottleneck the bottleneck .
The ultimately Paredes for emperor Lieutenant-General Chávez Morineau ends the submit a demand criminal against the Commission National Banking and the Securities to cast is accused the obstruction to the justice .
According doing the authority supervisory is has denied systematically to give reports to the Procuraduría General the Republic on a operation ; for the entrepreneur for draw of fideicomiso F 589 of Bank IXE to name the Mexicana the Aviation 198 million the lightweights .
The resources is would canalizado to the buying the actions the Administradora filled the Hoteles .
As you knows Azcárraga Andrade is the main shareholder the chain the hotels Posadas .
Cercan the Dragon Mart .
Reunidos the end the week in a forum in the University of Caribbean a group the ambientalistas national and foreign academic employers and Member in general the society civil sanctioned the creation the a cope broader for oppose to the opening of Dragon Mart Chinese in Cancún .
We speaking as you knows the a colossal centre the sale and distribution the pack to Mexico Central and the Caribbean the products of country the stealing with a zone the housing the calce for employees the companies .
before the Canacintra had achieved unify to the governors the zone of South-East for oppose the monumental coso that consumed with part the areas protected and begs the mother the all the amagos against the industry .
He the ACTA .
Soslayada for the government a demand of Senate for explain under what terms and circumstances the Ambassador the Mexico in Japan signed the Agreement Anti-Counterfeiting Antifalsificación known for their ETS in English as ACTA the agreement the Institute participate the Property the matter already Commissioneru'\u2019s the archive .
As you knows the action is only despite to that the own Senate had descalificado the possibility the unfair atentatoria the freedom the expression in the networks social .
Homex to long-term term .
In sheer the pay debts the long-term term without whatsoever the short the desarrolladora the housing Homex is increasingly in the market Certificados Bursátiles for million the lightweights .
The emission is the first the four identical that offered pay interests each days .
Nace Competival .
Integrado for the companies NYCE e-Quálity and Kernet leaders in technology the information ends the born a consortium with reason social Competival whose objective be the market the services the triangles the software the Centre and America .
The investments in the fight campaigning the 500 the dollars .
Valdés &apos; Hetin &apos; Christmas &apos; The basketball has been my life &apos; .
Trotamundos of basketball Valdés &apos; Hetin &apos; Christmas National more the years bound the sport of tabloncillo and thanks to him boarding the world whole .
Nothing people in Rico has a harvest mental the history of basketball local so wider as the has Valdés &apos; Hetin &apos; Christmas .
And is that before the that a strokes cerebral what confinara to a wheelchair the wheelchair in the Christmas National pawn in the sport for more the years were as player the categories minors player of Basketball Supreme National , helplessness and leader in the BSN with the Vaqueros the Bayamón or president the Federation the Basketball .
&apos; I was many sombreros in the basketball to via the my life including several to the same increasingly as when was president of BSN workforce general of A-Team National and president federativo during the years &apos; reminded Christmas during a visit the First Summer to his home in Bayamón where lies with Isabel his faithful wife for more the years .
&apos; The basketball has been my life &apos; .
Christmas not exaggerated the do that experienced .
The walls the his house almost all decoradas with photos and memorabilias that frustration his wider personal case what Verde .
Bayamón in the heart .
Indeed all the that amass with greater ambivalent are the that rememoran his step for the Vaqueros since middle the 1950s the as player until , when factors years fungiendo as coapoderado or helplessness the abolishing .
&apos; These were my best years the that more me disfruté because had the opportunity the be part the eight Ice the Vaqueros since already were as helplessness , coapoderado or leader .
They many years the satisfacciones including the five Ice corridos since until . .
And then me farewell with each in the , the year the debut the Jerome Mincy in the BSN .
Indeed Hence in forward is did office &apos; Cuco &apos; Ortiz that was a great administrator &apos; pursued Christmas .
remember that Gene Bartow that had booklet here and was in the University the Alabama Birmingham me said &apos; You have a player well strong , the &apos; the uncontested .
applies Mummy &apos; .
And that was the principle the Mincy each the best players that has had Rico .
Bartow then recommended the francotirador Raymond Gausse that was nativizado and was each the our best hunters .
remember that said that if Mincy him had prioritised a championship to Bayamon Gausse deadlocked to attract another more .
The championship the Vaqueros with Gausse is what gozó but already to the distance therefore for already invented the mandamás federativo .
For that time tight enjoy the their ejecutorias and the Mincy in the A-Team National .
remember when him won for first increasingly to States United during the Preolímpico in Mexico the . .
Then wine the World the where enshrined Fourthly place and due ought been Bronze the not be for time umpire Canadian that us did repeat the old final for second increasingly , said Christmas .
scheme group of World the is the best A-Team National that Paca seen .
Has between the best Like that the that him won the Dream Team in the Truce the . .
But my odds-on was the Panamericanos in Cuba in when won gold and him brief a pela the team the States United , that was quite similar the that us won the Bronze in the global .
Orbán team not only repetía to Mincy Gausse Ramon Rivas Choice Valverde and &apos; Piculín &apos; Ortiz but that also had to Javier &apos; Toñito &apos; Columbus and James Jimmy young to the brothers Ricardo Archduke and Morin and to Mario &apos; finest &apos; Morales , that not had able be in the due to a injury in the diktat .
A team that perhaps not was the best in terms the personal but us only a medal the gold and a great joy was the of Preolímpico of in Neuquén Argentina .
With players the allows as &apos; Canito &apos; Nieves Paul Alicea and a youth Rolando Hourruitiner in replacement the players power-sharing for the stew of Panamericano the Sea of Plata won gold against all the prospects .
What has been the best player the Rico .
However doubt some that has been Piculín Ortiz .
Their numbers to level the torneos international are impressive .
Nobody in Rico has dominated to that level as what did Piculín .
And that without count his personal in the different majors that rugby .
Who has been the best leader boricua .
constantly is very difficult .
have had a camada very good that includes to Rhine Toro Flor Meléndez emperor Morales Raymond Dalmau Armandito Torres .
Indeed the young me like much the work the read Arill .
What consideras your greater achievement in the federation .
sheet been part the was more gloriosa of A-Team National between and that to auditing the BSN had until teams in a season .
What you became for do .
was things that liked wanted implement as the regionalisation the categories minors .
For example that the Adolescent the Ponce only jugaran in his area and only enfrentaran teams the other corners the Wight in the playoffs national .
Now same the children travel and immigrants too the manner unnecessary .
At least see the emerged the certification compulsorias and course for leaders official the table and referees .
That me pleased .
What pensioner now .
applies more that successfully is listen music see avert the music the my era in YouTube disfrutarme to my grandchildren and the increasingly in when go to games the basketball .
And clear enjoy the company the my wife Isabel that always has state journeys .
mare the actor Larry Hagman .
Larry Hagman old the September the in Forth Worth Texas is did inadequacies famous for his role central as John Ross Ewing more known as &apos; J.R &apos; , in the series the television &apos; Dallas &apos; , in the that Lunes to a man the business without unscrupulous , malicious and Traian .
Larry Hagman whose role as the doublespeak magnate sinking J.R. Ewing in the series Television &apos; Dallas &apos; is became in a symbol the greed in the 1950s the , has dead .
He years .
Hagman that Chamberlain this year as J.R. in a new season the &apos; Dallas &apos; died the Friday for the afternoon due to complications the cancer the agreement with a communiqué the family guidelines to chosen Associated for the Viacom Bros , house 672 the &apos; Dallas &apos; .
&apos; Larry was the presumably in his Škottová city home the Dallas Transpartisan another increasingly the role icónico that more him horrible &apos; said the family .
The family the Larry and their friends more closest were with him in Dallas for the feriado of Day the Action the Thank .
Linda accountant that interpretó the role the his wife in the series original and in the sequel was with Hagman when died in a hospital the Dallas said the Jeremy the her professor Lane .
Le was joy to everything the that learned .
was creative generous fun funny coming and talentoso and what extrañaré regret .
&apos; was a person original and lived the life the maximum &apos; stated accountant in a communiqué .
To Hagman him diagnosticaron cirrhosis in and Interinstitutional that had Binge much during years .
In him Angeles a tumour malignant in the liver and is concluded to a transplantation .
Years before the &apos; Dallas &apos; Hagman is did famous in the television as a type decent in the agitation lightly &apos; I Dream European Jeannie &apos; repeating for the chain NBC the to . .
In her interpretaba the Captain Tony Mandela a astronaut whose life is sees altered when position to a attractive bottle interpretada for Barbara Eden and is the brings to live with him to his house .
was regard also the two comedias that shone little time the air &apos; chosen demanding Life &apos; NBC 1971-72 and &apos; Here We Go Again &apos; ABC 1973 . .
Their work in the cinema decision-making paperless well join for the criticism in &apos; chosen Group &apos; Harry loosening Tonto &apos; and &apos; Primary Colors &apos; .
But was his brilliantly interpretation of encantadoramente abhorrent J.R. the that subsequently to Hagman to his maximum estrellato .
The series dramatic the chain Viacom on the clan Ewing and other tyranny in his fold National the air the April the to May the . .
The phrase promotional &apos; lecturing shot J.R. &apos; thought-out for generate expectation in surrounding to a episode plenary the emotion in the that the personage the Hagman almost is murdered resounding a speculation international and million the dollars arriesgados in houses the betting .
also helped to respect to the series a record the hearing in that era .
When was revelada the answer in a chapter the November the a average the million the viewers what sintonizaron and separate to &apos; Dallas &apos; in the Secondly programme the entertainment more seen the history , behind of final the &apos; MASH &apos; in , that had million the About .
was the sister-in-law the J.R. Kristin interpretada for Mary Crosby cast him soared .
J.R. the embarazó and then the threatened with tacharla the prostitute to least that is outside the city but other also ones reasons for atacarlo .
Hagman interpretó to Ewing as a corrupt insatiable with a rights carismática a entrepreneur tramposo and a husband infiel that tried that his wife alcoholic Sue Siniora Linda accountant , outside internada .
&apos; I know what that want in the lápida the J.R &apos; , said Hagman in . .
should say &apos; Here lies the honest citizen J.R. Ewing &apos; .
This is the unique negotiated that lost .
Victoria Principal coprotagonista the series original reminded the Friday to Hagman as someone &apos; enormous inside and outside the screen &apos; .
It fantastic and irreplaceable for million the admirers in the world and in the hearts the each the us that had the Fortunately the recognize and love .
Ten episodes the new edition the &apos; Dallas &apos; were contracting ago few months with great success for the channel TNT .
already had ended the recording the five the chapters for the second season and a sixth was in process reported the chain .
Indeed immediate not was a defending the Viacom nor the TNT on how manejará the series the loss the Hagman .
Oriundo the Fort Worth Texas was son the actress and Lunes Mary Martin cast estelarizó works clásicas as &apos; Stream Pacific &apos; and &apos; Peter Am &apos; .
Martin was still a adolescent when what had in during his marriage with the lawyer Ben Hagman .
Probó Fortunately in the scenarios theatrical the New York the principle the 1950s the , and then constructive in the Force the to in England .
Meanwhile was there through to the young diseñadora Swedish Maj Axelsson and is married with her .
The partner had two children Preston and Heidi and lived during long-term time in the city modelled the Malibu where appropriately many celebrity .
In tituló their bait &apos; Hello Darlin la Tall loosening Absolutely True non-euro about My Life &apos; .
&apos; not was nothing there that I meant that outside to lastimar to someone or afectarlos the some function &apos; said to Press Asociada in time .
After of transplantation the liver is became in mover the donation the organs and laboró as voluntary in a hospital for attend to the patients fearful .
&apos; The advise them gives value me tell with them when disgraceful for their cirugías and later &apos; pursued in . .
Agreed the offer something the comfort as &apos; not fisherwoman be a little embarrassed for a brief time but van to be well &apos; .
was also encountered against the kick the smoking and attended in several campaigns .
Inician course that explora the &apos; End of world &apos; .
Every week the students exploran subjects apocalípticos as the war nuclear the zombies the virus and germs and the warming global .
This six when the professor in religion Stuart Charmé decided Flavourings a course on the end of world knew that allocated with a anzuelo irresistible The end the &apos; long account regresiva &apos; of Maya the December the that is have clings many people as a test the that is next the end of world .
But Charmé not had idea the what that him anticipated in the next couple the months The cataclísmico Mitch Sandy a precipice fiscal that some have so-called &apos; deudarmagedón &apos; and a growing conflict that labelling to Israel the place where the theoretical Christians of end the times clout that is commence the Apocalypse .
&apos; not me realised account the that this cards to be the six more apocalyptic that has misunderstanding &apos; said Charmé this week to the students the University Rutgers-Camden New Jersey . .
If each analysing what that has state doing in the world today in day as if expansions to days and illustration this has been a period really good .
And remember that bad is good for Especially the mentality sway .
And him not is unique professor that provides courses on the &apos; end of world &apos; this six in theory the Finally the history .
In Temple the professor Deputy Mr Vacker is running the course &apos; Media Culture and the end of world &apos; .
Every week the students exploran subjects apocalípticos as the war nuclear the zombies the virus and germs and the warming global .
&apos; looked for what these ideas rife with the time &apos; said and the function in that offered scenarios hypothetical that inform certain Code human .
If the material nuclear chunk in hands the terrorists for example could must a war .
This month the students experts films with subjects apocalípticos and exploraron how is compare with examples the life real .
&apos; have treaty the inform to the students on what that is possible likely credible and impossible &apos; said Vacker .
In the campus main the University imposition the Pennsylvania the professor the History the Latin Matthew Restall and his colleague Amara Solari a teacher adjunta the History of College and Antropología have fact team for Flavourings a course entitled just &apos; The end of world &apos; .
&apos; not agregamos la for count always with the option the Flavourings the course the new in case the that the world not is bring &apos; said Restall .
Despite to the &apos; spelling ruin &apos; the students must observer generate projects and taken examinations late .
In Penn State the examination final be smile in eve of Apocalypse what that not leaves to the students another option more that work &apos; until the same night in that is supposed that the world stops &apos; said Restall .
The courses unexpected quite popular .
&apos; They saturó in two hours &apos; said Restall on his course for students with high-level average that is I with students .
received messages for e-mail electronic during weeks and weeks before of beginning of six the people that motivate if still had place .
The students for his part fairly that the course is each the more interesting .
&apos; I is fascinating see what that for the people for consolarse to yes same &apos; said Bridgid Powell a student the career in &apos;Religion and Sociology the years the Haddonfield New Jersey in Rutgers-Camden .
And is that the mentality sway secular or religious is only issue the comfort or the absence of same .
Will Wekesa a student the career the Psicología and Enfermería the years said ought seen all the films apocalípticas .
&apos; never had listened on a class that catch teach that &apos; pursued .
applies entertaining .
But circumstances student Ashraf and much least a professor said believing in the date the expiry of the December .
&apos; Our first project During on the self-fulfilling maya and the certain function what desacreditamos &apos; said Julie Zeglen student the Finally year in Temple the years and the West Chester .
The mayas never predijeron the end of world is so only a point key in the timetable said Restall .
But acotó that exists a breath sway in the culture Western that is dates to several centuries in that the People react to the changes to his around prediciendo the end of world .
Internet has caused a booming the these speculation .
&apos; In other Criminals the People not thinks in this &apos; said .
In concentrating in the world the talks English .
Wresinski Dougherty a professor the religion the University The Salle that orders courses in the Philippines this year replied quickly to the question the if knew on somewhere course on the &apos; end of world &apos; Hence .
&apos; The Philippines not denying in the end of world &apos; wrote implying a exception the a authority higher .
We a pardon of Pope .
Restall did hold that to what long-term the years is has spoken the many days of trial final and said that if not passes nothing the December &apos; the People begins to thinking the immediate in the next date &apos; or to filosofar that the December is the beginning the a period the seven years the carried the subjects is prevent the world .
Estudiantes and teachers is are yearly to the lightly the date .
Several said that considerably go to situ &apos; of end of world &apos; .
&apos; Perhaps increasingly elsewhere to some friends for that us riamos together &apos; likened Samira Ford student the communications the years .
